Did not remove dent but quick delivery and return.

Great to carry Glass or flat sheets metal could pull some dent out. Overall good product built well, Shipping fast, Package fine. Would recommend this seller and product. Handy Man!

I bought this to try and pull a dent out of my metal garage door and it did not work. I thought it was air pressed, but overlooked what I was buying. It may work on flimmsy materials, but I guess my door is to thick.

during the winter storms of 2010, i dented the right front bumper of my honda pilot on a snow drift. it was a large smooth-edged dent (about 6-7 inches wide). after hearing about the idea of these dent pullers on npr, i decided to check out the offerings on amazon. i got this one because it had the best rating. it arrived quickly (only downside is high shipping cost from northern industrial). i took it straight out of the box and went right to the car. the instructions mailed with the product made no sense (they were for another kind of puller), but that didn't matter because it was completely straightforward. i just pushed the dent puller into the dent, the suction grabbed it, and i pulled. pop, out came the dent. in like 5 seconds! i can't believe how much money i saved. this works like a charm. now it's not perfect, there is still a small little dent, but you can't really even tell the dent was there. i am a believer!

After my hood was left unlatched and flew up while driving about 45 mph, it left it pretty dented and mangled. It was an old car, not worth the money to have the hood replaced, so I bought this to pull the dents out myself.  With no instructions, it took a minute to figure out how it worked.  Basically pulling the plunger on top is what allows air into the suction pad when you are ready to release the puller and move to a different spot.  Once I figured it out, I spent the better part of an hour pulling all the dents out of the hood.  There were a lot of them and they were big, but I was able to get about 95% of them fixed to the point they were only noticeable upon very close inspection, and I was able to get the hood back to its normal shape.  I was able to pull on the puller with all my might and it would usually hold but it did slip off once or twice if I wasn't pulling straight, maybe 50 pounds or more of force?  Just a guess, though. The handle also left my hands blistered, so I probably should've used gloves.  But I was happy with my purchase and I'd recommend this product.  Just be prepared to do some work!

This product is awesome, it really worked for me. My rear car door had a huge dent in it and I could easily remove around 70% of dent in few minutes. Dent is still visible but it is far better looking now. It saved me around $500 and I would recommend it to everyone.

I had a large vertical-shaped dent in my front fender, and with my insurance deductible, I knew I needed a cheaper answer. This dent puller arrived within two weeks (I think amazon should really get it in stock so you can use Prime shipping!), but it came with a huge, thick product catalog from the original company. What a waste of shipping and handling money =(Anyway, it definitely has a STRONG grip, as long as your dent is the right size. This won't take out little dents. But if they're about the size of a LARGE grapefruit or bigger, it'll work okay. It's not gonna get rid of ever dent and dimple, but it will do what my brother calls a "40-foot job" (looks good enough from 40-feet away).

This suction dent puller did indeed pull out my  15" shallow dent, but as soon as I let the suction loose, it popped back in. I repeated this several times to try to figure out if I was doing something wrong. Do I need a larger dent puller? Not sure! But the dent puller is amazingly strong. Cannot figure out how to get the dent to stay out. Not sure why it pops back in. Anyone have any advice? Thanks!

I wasn't expecting a lot from this, but I was pleasantly surprised when I heard the unexpected pop of a large-area dent being pulled back into place.  My wife pulled a fairly tight dent from her Jeep, and my step-son pulled a dent out of his old, beat up Celebrity.  I am very happy, as this tool has paid for itself many times over.It's not suitable for all dents, but it has a good range of dents for which it does a great job.  We have a dent on an old car that is situated such that a good vacuum seal can't be established, so we couldn't pull it with this.  Otherwise, we've had great luck with this dent puller.

This product works great for it's intended purpose - large dents that weren't created from a high-impact crash.  I accidentally kicked a large dent in my door by trying to kick it closed when my hands where full.  The dent was about the size of a youth soccer ball.  The heavy duty dent puller pulled it out within a few tries without using adhesive such as other products.  There is still evidence that the car was damaged (a ding mark), but it looks a helluva lot better than it did with a huge dent.  I had another dent from a high-impact accident I had with a deer and I got close to pulling it out but ultimately couldn't because the suction would release whenever i got close to pulling it out (although this dent was more serious and has been on my car for several years).  I highly recommend giving this product a try for low-impact, larger dents. I can't attest to how it works with small dings and dents but am guessing by that other products may be better for those because the size of this product's suction mouth is rather wide.

I wish I got this earlier, before the paint peeled of the edge of the dent. Worked perfectly first time.

This is not strong enough for a dent the size of a grapefruit. I would not buy again. I took car to a professional.

This Northern indstrial Dent Puller is incredible strong, fixed my problem.  The car is back to it's beauty after few pullers

This little thing works pretty darn good!  Worth the money and didn't have to go to a body shop.  Needs a pretty flat surface to get good suction.  Otherwise a little patience and you can get a lot of dents out with it.

This does work you should try it. My dad and I did not know how to use it but we used common sense and pushed it in and popped it out. I had two big dints on driver's side. I had one big dint on my driver's door and driver's rear door. Both dints popped out and it saved me alot of money. I took my car to Maaco last week and got an estimate on a paint job and they charged me an extra $250 for all the dints on my car. This does work.

Reasonable price. does not take off dents at angle because of no suction. No clear instruction on how to use this product to work around the dents. And i do not have 20 words to describe the experience amazon.

This suction cup has great suction and can pull out almost any dent if you have the pulling power to use it.

It is excellent and helpful tool to be used for minor dents in any vehicle. I have also used to move a very heavy and large piece of glass that was placed on top of the dining table at home. It really is very heavy duty and durable and worth to be in every house.

I have a big dent in my car's bumper. This did work well by getting glued to the bumper but I just couldn't pull the dented portion out. Though the dent still remains it's not because of this device, rather it's because I'm not strong enough to pull the dent out (I'm not that big!).

does not work good on more pricey cars body of  pricey cars are hard to remove dents body to hard

Got a unwelcome shock one morning, came out to my 2009 Saturn Outlook to a huge shallow dent in the rear lift gate to the left of the license plate well Went to a few body shops that wanted upward of $200 to fix. Searched internet for "dent puller" and found this one. On the first try...POP!!! The dent came 95% out. Looks amazing!!! Still a very small imperfection but hardly noticeable. Highly recommend this product. Saves a ton of money. Now I gotta find a smaller one to pop out rest. Try it...you won't be disappointed.

It definitely pulled the dents out. It was very easy to operate and I didn't need strength like a man to pull it out.

good carrier anyway .. probably would work on large dents in the middle of your car trunk or door or where there's more give in the metal itself, or you're superman.. like I said.. good carrier for unwieldy metal, plastic, glass items...

Works better for bigger dents that the suction cup can fit into. I was able to make the soccer ball sized dent into about a half dollar size. Its definitely nice in the suburban area i live since it seems my vehicles attract dent making objects!

I had a dent on the side of the door.  I pulled this out of the box and very easily removed the dent.  The handle is very solid and the suction is very strong as well.  Good product.

I was pulling out of a garage and I slid my car door against the wall.  I large circular dent including my trim was dented in.  I ordered this product based on reviews.  I went out to my car when this arrived and it took ten seconds to fix.  I now have a slight dent that is almost invisibe from most angles.  I would suggest this to anybod that has a large dent that is not cracked in.  Best of luck.

Very good for pulling out small to meduim dents.does not do as well on contoured surfaces, were there is less  surface contact for the suction cup to seat on.

I ordered this product to fix a large dent in my daughter's car, from someone kicking it. There were no scratches or damage other than the a foot sized dent. I cleaned and dried the area placed the dent puller on and in three tries the large dent was gone. I had hoped it would work, but I didn't expect such great results. My husband came home saw the car and started using it to remove dents/door dings on his car. It worked!

I can pretty much pull my car with this suction cup.It didn't solve my problem, but is because the dent was too severe, but I can rock my car back and forth with the power of this thing.In order to fixt a dent, the dent needs to be big enough and the right type, but if it is something that can be fixed with a suction cup, I don't thing it gets better than this one

I purchased this item after reviewing some positive results in this forum.  My daughter's car had a dent (approximately 10" diameter) on the right front fender of her Honda Accord because women can't drive in a straight line.  So, I took the vehicle to the local "reputable" repair shop for an estimate.  Having been there before they gave a real "deal" on the estimate for approx $900.00.  They were to repair the dent, prime, sand and paint and polish to match the car.  I thanked them for their kind estimate and thought this item (dent puller) would be worth a try.  Well, after immediately receiving the item, I gave it a try.  I must say I am completely satisfied with the results.  I attached the suction cup to the damaged area of the vehicle and popped out the dent, leaving only a small portion unchanged.  So the result was, I removed 90% of the dent for about $10.00.  THe remaining 10% of the dent is completely unnoticeable unless you know where to look, so I'm pleased with the results.  The only reason I gave this item 4 stars was because I had to use it two or three times to achieve the results I was satisfied with.  In any event, I recommend trying this before you pay the local Body & Fender guy a ton of money.  It's fast and easy to use, just clean the area for maximized suction, after attaching the dent puller, pull straight out and "POP!" there, you're done!!!  My non-driving daughter loves me, my wife (another bad driver) loves me and my wallet loves me, I'm a happy man : )

haven't tried it yet it does seem like a strong tool but for now I can't say much about it because I haven't tried sorry so I'm only getting 3 stars

I had two dents in my car, and now I have one.  The dent that was successfully pulled was about 18" in diameter and shallow with no crease... It was the classic butt on the hood that wouldn't pop itself out for a year...  That dent came out with no problem.  The other dent was about 12" and is a bit deeper.  It's on a rear quarter panel.  The dent puller made that dent into a 10" dent, a bit shallower than before.  Overall, I really wasn't expecting much, but this suction cup is incredibly strong.  I am satisfied, despite still having one dent left to go.

This surprisingly worked on pulling out shopping cart dents on my 2007 Mercury Milan.  My car apparently attracts shopping carts.  I had about 4 of them and the suction sucked it right out...

The dent needs to be big for this to work at all, like one made by a kick on a car door.  I bought this to remove small dents on the stainless steel refrigerator, and I didn't see how this could possibly work on those.  Then I tried this on a large dent on my car.  It worked, but the surface wasn't nearly as smooth as before the dent.  Maybe I expected too much.  It looks a lot nicer though.

This product has a ton of suction power.  Works really well on large dents.  Did okay on a small dent but did better on the large one.  I'm glad I purchased this product.

I received a small dent in the real of my car while parked in a hospital parking lot.  My husband ordered this little tool to see if we could save a trip to the body shop.  It really worked.

this dent puller pulled my dent out in 2 seconds i couldnt stop smiling from it and im glad i invested every penny into it. i advise anyone to buy this for medium to large dents, but not small, but other than that its awesome! TWO THUMBS UP! =)

I have a dime size dent on my car's door (flat panel). Tried multiple times and it didn't do anything.On top of that, seller expects me to pay for shipping for return.Stay away!!

Bought for a autobody man in training. He thought there would be some used for it.

I had a dent in the rear driver side panel just above the bumper on my Subaru Outback. The dent was about the size of a  coconut and i figured I would try the dent puller before I spent $200 (hopefully) to have it pulled.  I started using the puller and slowly but surely it pulled the dent.  It took a little over an hour and multiple pulls. Please bear in mind that this is a tool and not a magic wand.  The dent comes out in stages, work from the outside toward the center. Sometimes progress is slow, but you will sense that things are moving along.  Don't expect the tool to do all the work, you have to have some heft to pull a dent. I am 5'10" and 245 and believe me, it was a workout.  I think this is a good product,and it saved me a trip to the body shop. I would recommend it but also counsel patience.4

The Product worked well for my dent very strong i would recommend it for any large dent on a car

it didn't get the job done.i juess find a good use for it will be my next next job.hmm ok

I bought this to help remove, or at least improve, a watermelon-sized dent in my car's quarter panel.  As it turns out, the suction cup is larger than I expected.  The diameter of the suction cup measures just under 5" or about the diameter of a grapefruit.  Unfortunately, this puller couldn't remain sucked onto the dented panel because the surface of the panel wasn't flat enough.  As a result, all edges of the suction cup couldn't make contact, and the puller couldn't get a good enough seal to remain suctioned to the panel, allowing me to pull out the dent.  When I purchased this, I was expecting the suction cup to be smaller, which I think would have made it more likely I could find a section of the dent that was flat enough to get a good seal.I'm going to have to send this back.  I'm giving it five stars, though, because the build quality looks to be good (the handle is metal, and the rubber is thick and appears to be of good quality).  I'm sure this would work well with the right shape of dent.  Before purchasing, I recommend you find a cup or jar with an opening that is just under 5" in diameter, and place it on the dent you have.  If all edges of your cup or jar can't make full contact with the panel, you won't be able to get a good seal and pull out your dent with this.

The large soft rubber suction cups conform better and have stronger suction than two other competitors that I have tried.These are strong.

This item worked so well on the big dent put into my vehicle by a high-impact shopping cart. Unfortunately, it was too large to apply suction to the smaller ones there before and left behind. I would gladly recommend this item to anyone who has a large dent in any part of a vehicle. I mean it pulled the dent out almost instantly. I just wish I could find the same type and brand of item for smaller dents. And if I could rate this one greater than 5 ,I would.

Have a large dent on my car. Tried to use this dent puller. Did not do the job . Also there were not instructions or tips on how to use this device. I am going to return it

Provides an excellent grip.  Good for pulling non-creased dents from car panels, which is what I purchased it for.  I can see other uses for it around the house as well.

I bought this about two weeks ago and received it in great condition. I was skeptical about this product but after pulling a decent size dent out of my car, I was pretty impressed with the suction power. I had a pretty decent creased dent, basically two dents in my driver door. After going to the body shop and getting the damage appraised at $1,500.00 I decided to take my own route. So, I came online looking for something a little cheaper to repair damages myself. First, I had my eye on the glue dent puller but after some reviews I looked a little further and ran across this product. The reviews looked good and it was a lot cheaper than the glue puller so I ran with it. I received the package in a timely manner and in great condition in its original packaging and Northern Tool & Equipment even sends a huge catalog of products with your order so you get to see all their cool little gadgets, prices aren't bad either. Anyway I pulled the big dent out of my car with 1 tug and did my best with the other. With a little determination and the right placing I pulled the whole thing out pretty well. This thing saved me $1,470.00 I could have wasted at a body shop. I mean its not perfect but I'm not driving around with a huge dent in my door anymore and the damage now is minimal compared to before. Great product and seller

This product is meant to hold up/transport glass. It is not meant for pulling a dent out of metal. Tried it on several dents on my car and IT DOES NOT WORK. There are several other products on Amazon specifically for dent removal so I'd advise you to try one of those before this product.

I had to remove a large dent in the side of my truck, and found this device.  It worked like a charm, and pulled it out.  Only bad thing is that I am not on the mailing list of the selling company and get their junk mail often.  Boo!

Although I wasn't able to pull out a large dent cleanly, this puller took my full weight against it before it popped. I think that is all we can ask.

It is made of metal and you can support the grip by the lever.  It is very powerful.  You pull and the dent comes out.

This is a good product.  Just don't buy it thinking it will pull out any dent on any surface.  It works OK on spaces where it can catch but anything contoured it does not work as well.

This is not a dent puller by any means but I guess it would be decent at picking up glass.....

I like it .It is very strong. I used it for my car dent area. it sucked and pull out so easily. It is worthy for me. Thanks

I had a big dent on my bumper, with this tool I was able to get it out with several pulls in 20 min. I'm a 100 pound female and I have no experiences with these kind of tools, just so you get the idea how easy is to use. my car looks like new :) couldn't be happier.

I purchased this based on user reviews from Amazon, i could not be happier anymore. It perfectly removed the dent from the bumper of Honda Odyssey. I had a dent in the corner of the bumper, i checked with PDR folks, they quoted me about $180 to fix, but when i saw the reviews in the amazon, i thought .. let me try this... if does not work then its just a matter of $19/-...It worked perfectly.  Great buy.

I had a dent towards the front of where my driver door opens. The bigger dent affected how it opened. The puller was affective on the smaller dents around it but the bigger dent did not come out.  I'm glad I have this for future dents.  Would recommend for small dents.

It was a pretty big size tent, and it worked great pulled the tent right out, everyone should use this item. Thank you......

I purchase this product as a person not knowing how to remove a dent.  The instructions I received were what NOT to do with the product.  I wrote the company to ask them for the instructions and they sent the same thing ... what NOT to do.  I ask the company for instructions on how to operate (the people I talked with) did not know how to make the Dent Puller work.  I wrote 4 step instructions to them, asking is this how to operate the Dent Puller.  Their reply was &#34;I don't know.&#34;  I would not recommend this product.

I purchased this to fix several small dents on my car (some on doors, some on hood)Guess what..... NOT ONE dent was removed with this, it puller the metal alright but did not pul the small dents one bit.DO NOT PURCHASE FOR SMALL DENTS! WASTE OF MONEY!

Dent was not not completely removed but left just dimples. Still better then the large dent and what it was.

I got a huge dent on side of my door and tried using this product to fix it, or at least make it look better.  I got some of the dent out and still working on rest of it.  Meanwhile, few issues/tips.1. You definitely need a good amount of strength to use this!  Also, wearing gloves help since it puts a lot of strain on your fingers as you're pulling with all your might (in my case anyway).2. The dent doesn't come out at once in my experience. So, you have to use it several times to get it out.3. Clean the surface of the dent for better suction.  I haven't tried it yet, but slightly dampening might improve the suction as well.

Someone banged the side of my car, putting a lovely basketball dent in it. Tried this and it took about 90% out. Just the little ones it has problems with, but it works.

The item worked very well to pull out a large dent from a front fender (argument with a parking garage pillar). Suction was very strong.

Bought this to pull large dents on motor vehicles.  Works as expected keeping in mind the size and range that this tool can handle.  Also I use this tool to handle large sheets of glass and as a helping hand during new/old window install/removal.  A little water on the rubber face of the tool will increase the holding power.  Recommended for DIY.

Too big to use on the dent I had, but I did help out a friend in a recent accident.  Worked well, just be sure that the dent is large enough before purchasing this item (must be at least the size of a small dinner plate)

I bought this product hoping to pull a dent, not to hear it pop. Every time I tried to pull on a dent it would pop off and nothing happened. It may be a good carrier for glass, but this is not a dent puller and not worth anything I spent on it.

A block of ice,12"by12" had hit the cab roof on my van and had put a good size dent in it.It fell from a height of 16 feet and the the little rubber "suction cup" that I have had for years did not do anything.I checked out all the ones on Amazon and decided that this one looked Tough-Enough. Well,you could open a Dent-Removal business with this Dent Puller,it works that Well!!!

This should be labeled a glass carrier because thats what it was made for.  To carry large flat object that it can suck on to.  I tried it on several car dents and the suction cup it way to big to pull most dents.  It would only work for very large, very flat dents.

I was disappointed in this as it would not pull any of the dents. But to be fair my dents did have a slight crease in them which might have been why.

I had a small, but noticeable, 4" x 4" dent in the tank of the little TW200 motorcycle I just purchased.  I'll note that the dent was rather shallow with no creases.  Given the price tag, I figured that this dent puller was worth a shot.  Once I received the item, I wiped the tank off with a bit of rubbing alcohol.  I pressed the puller up against the tank, and during the initial stages of the first pull, I heard a very satisfying "POP" as the dent was pulled out.  I pulled HARD on the puller to fully remove it from the tank.  The dent was barely noticeable at this point.  I repeated the process about 20 times to fully remove any hint of the dent's existence.  The tank is back to 100% now.A few points/clarifications:A couple of reviews claimed that there was not enough suction to make this device effective.  I suspect that these people were not able to create an effective seal with the puller during application.  I'm a 36 year old, extremely athletic man who works out on a daily basis.  I had to brace the bike with one arm while pulling with nearly all of my strength in order to pop the suction device off of my tank.I found that the key was to pull SLOWLY and straight back.  When doing so, the seal that creates the suction is not broken prematurely by lateral/vertical forces and you can attain a tremendous amount of pulling power.The dent on my tank was very shallow and uniform.  I'm sure that this device would have little effect on a dent that involved actual creasing of the metal, but YMMV.

It wont pull out my dent in my car it doesn't even stick to pull the dents out this is a waste of money don't buy.

The puller itself is very powerful but too large. It fails to work on smaller and non-smooth dent, usually at the bumper. I was planning to return but noticed I may have to pay the shipping so just keep it for other usage.

Used out of desperation and lack of money to get a dent in front hood in awkward place to have to use paintless dent remover pro, so tried this instead. Small impression of dent still in hood, but it looks much better and can be mistaken for a shadow now. I can deal with that. Worked very sturdy, did it myself as a not super buff woman in my 20s and felt the pull and heard and saw the pop out of dent.

I think perhaps this may be too large for the dent I have on my roof and door. I will try again. The one thing I have to say is that there are NO INSTRUCTIONS with it. While it may seem &#34;cut and dried&#34; some instructions would be nice.

Works great on large dents, not too bad on small dents but makes it so much better! Definitely worth the money.

Its works for BIG dents only. The dent has to be around 10 inches across for this thing to work.

Didn't fix the dent completely but it recovered most of it. I did had higher expectations from it, especially after reviewing all the reviews over and over but it just wasn't strong enough to get the rest of the dent. Plus the dent wasn't that impacted in..

It did a good job fixing a large dent on my car. You can still see a crease but it looks much better. It also didn't do anything on smaller dents on my car. It surprisingly didn't come with any instructions, but was easy to figure out how to use it. Overall I would recommend it, but don't expect perfect results.

It didn't pull any of my mini dents on my car it didn't pull many dents at all actually. It DID succeed at making me look like an idiot tho . Super strong suction but just doesn't get the dents

Product arrived timely as is more heavy duty than I imagined.  It is definitely for smaller dents, which I have.  I could not pull the dent out entirely (maybe I need more muscle to do) but it does look better.

i have tried it several times and it sicks to the glass.IT helps to get a grip to carry or lift the glass just be careful and make sure of the glass size and weight prior to attempt.

My wife had dent on her camry bumper and I managed to pull 75% of it out with this sucker. Works well for $20

I received the dent puller within about a week. It came with instructions, but to a completely different system. The tool was easy to figure out though, and no instructions were actually needed. The dent I pulled was right on a body line of my car, but the tool still managed to remove most of the dent. The dent is still visible, but it is now quite minor. The tool does not work on wavy dents caused by rubbing up against something. Nonetheless, the product exceeded my expectations and was well worth the money I paid.

my friend rubbed her passenger side of the car on a pole in the parking lot. this suction cup thing is really strong unfortunately it really doesnt work on dents with creases. for the price it was worth a shot. im sure itll come in handy in the future for other dings

Does not pull out a dent on a curved bumper.  Would only work on a flat door panel or hood.

I read a lot of good reviews on this product, but it did not do it's intended work on my car. The suction was great, but I further dented my car trying to make this thing work. I wasted money on this product. Just go to a body shop and get your car fixed. This will not work IMHO.

This thing does not work at all for removing dents.  This is why professionals do it!  This thing is meant to carry glass and that is exactly what it should be used for.

Works great for medium sized dents: softball to basketball sized.  Very easy to use.Does not work well for smaller golf ball sized dents.  I will be trying another dent puller of smaller diameter suction cup for those.Also works great for picking up glass panes, if done in a wise considerate manner.

Worked great, took out a large dent in my hood that would've cost $1,000 to fix (bodyshop said hood needed to be replaced).  Hood isn't 100% fixed, but the small remaining dent isn't noticeable unless you are close to the car.  Will probably buy a smaller dent puller to attempt to fix the remaining damage in the future, but this works for now.

I was surprised it was made out of metal. After about 3 tries in 2 minutes, my 16 inch dent was down to a small 4 inch dent. I am not sure if it will get that small of a dent out, but it looks better than it did before. I would recommend this item for large dents.

Yes, this contraption is pretty cool.  I've pulled the dent on my vehicle (which had NO metal creases) and several dents out of my friend's vehicles, which also had no creases.  The problem with the crease is that the dent just pulls right back in.  Creases usually occur from high impacts, which bends the metal.  This device will pull dents that are say, caved in.  Hope this makes sense.

The side of my door was dented badly from a telephone pole. I used a plunger to try and pop it out, it worked okay but there was still a large part of the dent that the plunger could not pull out. I ordered this dent puller, and the suction is amazing, I was able to lift up my wooden dining room table off the ground with the suction of this tool alone. The dent puller worked great, I was able to pull the entire dent out with this tool quickly and easily.

Heavy-duty, well-made, especially for the price. Works best on wide & shallow dents, tho it takes a lot of strength -- but that's because it works. A clean, wet surface is best, but that also means a tendency to slide off the target at the last moment. I would buy it again for large dents without grooves.

This item was delivered as promised but is really big and not very useful for pulling smaller dents.  I thought overall it was just OK.

This tool is not a dent puller, nor is it intended for automotive use. Rather, as the box and instructions indicate, this tool is for picking up and moving glass.

Very simple problem corrected by a well made tool. This dent puller easily attached to my sons car and popped an impact dent right out. It is barely visible now. The puller is well made and has a pressure relief for handle for getting a perfect and tight fit.

I used this dent puller to try and remove the dents out of a refrigerator door.  Unfortunately, it didn't work, but it wouldn't work on most fridges due to their metal-over-foam door construction, which I learned about only after purchasing this puller.That said, I was very satisfied with my purchase.  I liked the heavy-duty steel-and-rubber construction.  You could probably drive a car over it and it would not break. My only complaint was that the rubber suction cup left a thin film on the metal that you were trying to pull, which was a little tough to remove.I could see myself owning this puller for a very long time.  It was more expensive than the others, but one of the best available on Amazon.  I would recommend it for anyone looking for a dent puller that will last them for years.  In this case, you really get what you pay for.

Have a old mercedes that has thick steel and this did not do the job.  Its made well andcould work on newer thiner metal but its a bit of a gamble for your dent.

This puller worked so well.  Someone hit my car Honda Civic in a parking lot and didn't leave a note. I was left with a large melon sized dent one the front corner of the passenger side bumper.  I tried other dent pullers but they were not strong enough or they weren't flexible enough to get a good grip.I took the car to a local place to get an estimate; they said I needed a new bumper which would cost around $500.  After about 6-7 tries I was able to get the dent out of my car.  This item is worth every penny for bigger dents.

Got this product for a dent in the car and have to say it did the job. Had to do it a couple of times but it got the dent out

I give this product a total of 3 stars because it could work in some situations, but was unable to remove my dent. I deducted another star for the high shipping cost, which was so that they could include a large catalog. And I deduct a second star because the product did not come with proper instructions.

Had a soccer ball sized dent from backing into a pole - on rear bumper pass-side at the curve of the bumper. The dent puller pulled this out, it was creased (the dent ) which when pulled out left a remainder: a linear "ding". This I believe is due to the location of the dent on a curved portion of the bumper.However, for $30 (including tax & shipping) it did what it was expected to do very well. A bit of touch up paint and looks like a small ding/ cart accident - before was a crater (soccer ball sized, apx 3 inches deep at maximum depth).For comparison to future shoppers this bumper is fiberglass composite. (Not rubber/ metal)Prior tried the plastic suction which would not stick (also by Northern supply).Overall - recommend if you do not want to drop upwards of $800 on a perfect repair. Will not fix cosmetic problems like scratch or remainder crease but will make a large dent less horrific. Overall saves about $150 off a sloppy pullout job.

This is nothing more then a plunger with a handle. Didnt help at all, I would not recommend this product. If a plunger doesnt work on your dent, neither would this. Save your money.

This product has great suction, heavy duty and made well.  but it is too large to pull hail dents- Tried on ford ranger hood that got hammered in hail storm. I had liability insurance only so I tried to be resourceful.  This didn't work, and yes I did it correctly. It would be great for picking up  sheets of glass/metal or pulling large dents the size of dinner plates. But save your money the reviews that say it doesn't work on small stuff are on the money.

It is strong but only works on flatter and larger surfaces.it only helps to reduce the dents for repair

I have a 2002 Grand Am GT.  A few months ago, we received a huge dent on the door on the backseat driver's side.  It was about 2 inches deep, and about 8 inches long...very noticable and ugly.  I'm not too familiar with auto repair at all, but I figured I would give something like this a try.  I wasn't too sure if I would be able to bend dented metal with only a rubber suction cup, but sure enough, with just a slightest pull after affixing this to my car, the dent popped out!  There is a crease in the door where the dent used to be, but I figured that would be the case.The little black grip in the middle of the product is to release suction instead of trying to break the seal around the rubber cup.  The handle is solid and could easily handle more force than what I needed it for.

The dent puller was awesome! It didn't pull out the dent completely, which I was prepared for. The dent was centered around a piece of molding, so I wasn't able to center the suction cup, but it got most of the job done. I am very pleased with this product and recommend it to anyone who has a dent in their car larger than the size of a softball. Anything smaller would need a smaller product.

As its name implies this is for dent pulling. For transporting glass windows the HOD , handle-on-demand, on Amazon is the instrument of choice, because extra stable/providing maneuverability. This suction cup for dent pulling has a valve in the middle which allows easier removal of the cup ( just pull on it). That valve is not a push-vacuum pump unlike other suction cups. I have not used it for dent pulling yet ; its suction is very strong though. I surmise I could use it to lift and better fit slabs of marble, granite or quartz during installation on floors/counters, etc.

I dented my bumper, & ordered this spiffy tool. Although, it came with no exact instructions!! Yes, using it is self explanatory, tighten, pull- but how tight to do? when to pull?! I pulled and had to stop so as not pull the bumper off!! LOLA little more directions would have been so helpful

I was tired of looking at the dent on my car and decided to give this dent puller a try.  As soon as it arrived (and it arrived right on time), I pushed it against the dent and pulled.  Most of the dent disappeared immediately.  Unfortunately, the part of the dent close a metal seam would not pull out.  Recommendation: Use this if the dent is just an indent and the metal did not actually bend.

the product was good. It worked pulled dent right out. It paid for it self. It is a good tool to have.

really good puller. i used it for pulling dent in my car. i also lent it to friends and they couldn't help praising it. really nice.

purchased the NI Dent Puller to get a dent out of the fridge; it left a big circle around the dent and I was not able to pull it out

Our minivan had two large dents that had been there several years. Five minutes with the Northern Industrial Dent Puller and they were GONE.

I had a dent in my car's quarter panel and used this on a whim since it was only $20.  It did the job well enough.  The dent was an odd shape at the crest of the panel, but it pulled most of it out and now you can't tell there was ever a dent there unless you run your finger along it.  But no doubt it worked and would've been seamless in a different location of the fender.

I had an 18" dent right above the driver side's rear tire.  Looks like someone was trying to pull in and hit me.  Goes to show you some people these days will drive away rather then leave a note.  I looked this up on amazon and decided to give it a try.  To my surprise it worked like a charm.  I'm quite happy and would recommend this to anyone trying to remove a large dent.

I found smaller cheaper ones later but this one works really well and has great holding power especially for larger areas.

This product is great for larger dents... I thinks it's a great product... I wish that this same company made a prduct for small dents, too

This is a very well built product, with a good holding capacity(not as much as the claim), however the draw back is the size and harder rubber, this did pull a big dent, but it is still flimsy, the metal itself did not bend out enough to make a difference, if someone sits on/by it, it will go back to its old shape, good for a car with many dents, not if your looking to restore to oem.

I have dents on both sides of my car as a result of my car hitting the side rails at the automatic car washing machine.  I took my car to the auto repair/service place for an estimation and they would charge me $1000 to fix it, which involves breaking my car apart, fix the dents, put it back together and repaint, and that will take a week to do all that.  I was like..Wow.. that's gonna break my bank and what am I going to do without a car for a week???  As a result, I checked online to see if I had any other choices and that is when I came across this little, handy tool.  I was a bit skeptical, but decided to buy the product because it has a good review.  I was even more skeptical when I received the product and read the instruction sheet that came with it that said the puller was to use for lifting stuffs like glasses, table, but I saw no where that it mentioned the puller was for pulling the dents.Anyhow, I tried it anyway.  And to my surprise, it actually worked.  It did pull the dents out, but it didn't fix the dents completely.  It could be that because the dents on my car are at the edges, so they were hard for the puller to pull them out.  I can see that if you dents are away from the edge, then you may be luckier at fixing it.  Anyhow, it did the job to the point that I am happy with the result.  Anyhow, I want to warn you that the dent puller is rather big (about 5-6 inches), so it may not be able to fix the small dents.  However, if you are like me who do not want to pay $1000 to fix the dents, you can always buy it and try it, After all, this product including shipping comes out less than $30.

Great for larger dents! I couldn't get the smaller ones out though. The car at least looks better until I can get a new quarter panel.

I had a fairly large dent in the sliding door of my minivan.  It looked like someone next to me in a parking lot pulled out too sharply and scraped along my door with his/her bumper.  This popped the dent out in about 15 seconds.  Doesn't come with instructions but it's pretty easy to figure out.  It is fairly large, so it probable won't be too useful for small dings.

Used this on my passenger side fender to get dent out of quarter panel worked great....my dent had a slight bend whcih remained but i couldnt really expect more.  definitely does the job as is well made.  can see many uses for it.....worth the cost definitely

I bought this based on reviews after someone banged into the the corner of my rear bumper.  The box it came in said it was a dent puller, but the instructions (for the same exact item) said it was for carrying panes of glass.  I'm sure as a glass carrying tool it would be very effective, but unless you've got 5 inch diameter of flat surface to adhere it to, it's not going to stick.  I could adhere it to my car door or my trunk lid, but could not get it to stick to any part of the dent on my bumper even after trying for over a half an hour.  I was so frustrated I almost took a rubber mallet to it to see if making the dent even bigger would help, but I had enough sense not to try it.So for me, it was totally useless and $20 down the drain. If someone ever sits on the hood of my car, or if I ever have a large pane of glass to carry, I'm sure it will come in handy.  For what I bought it for it was worthless.

I bought this product after the Ding King failed :(  It was was a softball sized dent in my sister's Sunfire door.  In two seconds, the majority of the dent was out.  Just a few tiny dents and creases remain (which the Ding King still can't fix).  It was definitely worth the money though.

We hooked this up to the hitch on a pickup and pulled out a creased dent from the back of a car. There is still a smaller dent that we couldn't pull out, but the car looks much more presentable.

We ordered this dent puller based upon good reviews without much confidence that it would remove a big dent in the rear of our 4Runner.  We were pleasantly surprised when it pulled out the dent and saved us a big bill at the body repair shop.  We strongly recommend this product.

This worked great to repair a two to three-inch dent on the hood of my 2003 Honda Accord. It worked as soon as I tried it. The dent somehow popped back out once I applied the suction and pulled. I'm glad that I saved a trip to the body shop.Cons:1. The instructions aren't terribly good, but there is really only one way you can use the device. It should be obvious, once you get it in your hands.2. This won't fix paint damage. Rather, it will just pop dents back out.3. I think this is likely to work better for larger dents (like my 3" one) than for smaller nicks. If you have a dent that looks like hail damage, this is probably not your tool.This tool was a great savings of time and hassle.

I had a dent in my car and it didn't do anything for it. it would just suction cup it but not really pull it out. I was let down. not worth it. I don't recommend.

It didn't wok on the dent I had on my car but maybe The dent was bigger than what this tool can handle. I am sure it would work on smaller dents but it did not work on mine.

Used it to pull a dent out of the side of my Maytag drying center.  Worked perfectly.

Worked great getting out basketball size dent from my 08 altima....:) would recommend before spending $600.00Six stars if I could...

I bought this product hoping to pull a dent, not to hear it pop. Every time I tried to pull on a dent it would pop the dent out. Then once i let go would let go the Dent would go back in. I must have spent a couple hours pulling the dent from the center and from the outside edge working my way to the center.  DId Not work WASTE of money

Worked great on typical butt on the hood scenario. Lots of power. Will pull larger dents as long as there is no crease.

I had a round indentation about the 6 inches across, half an inch deep, on my metal car door. The dent puller fit right over it, pulled it out on the first try with a satisfactory popping sound.

Somebody backed into me at low speed (no gas applied) and made a fairly large dent in my car. A body shop wanted $1000 to fix it, so I resigned to just having a dent in my car. Bought this based on reviews and this pulled the dent out in one try! Highly highly recommended for large, low speed dents.

We bought this to pull out a large dent in our car  and it worked not only that it pulled out a small handprint dent in the backdoor of our van. Then I used on a friends newer honda civic. It worked . Easy and most important worked.Northern Industrial Dent Puller

This item is quality built and provides a strong suction but it did not pull the dent from my car.I thought the dent would be a perfect candidate for this puller as it was large, shallow and not creased.For the price it was worth the shot over what a body shop might have charged for the same procedure.Now I am left with an item that will be excellent for picking up sheet metal which is probably its intended use, but that is ok.I give it three stars because I believe the item description should be modified to more accurately describe the pullers purpose, though five stars for its quality.

I backed my minivan into my gate post and ended up with a large dent (about a foot long) on the side of the van.  At first the dent puller gripped well and pulled the dent out a little (after putting a lot of muscle into it) on either side of the puller.  The dent shrunk to maybe a handswidth, but once the dent was smaller than the dent puller, the dent puller could no longer get a grip on it to pull it out.  I'm not sure if this was because the dent puller couldn't pull out anything smaller than its own circumference, or if it was the odd placement of the remaining dent on the vehicle.  This product made my dent a little smaller, but the dent will still need to be professionally repaired.  That said, it's been months and we still haven't repaired the dent, so maybe the reduction in size of the dent made us more comfortable with delaying professional repair.

Good suction power, good handle, good de-suction mechanism. The reason why i gave only 4 stars is bcoz you can repair only large dents with it. They should have included smaller ones for small dents which is very common on vehicles.

This is a very good product. Pull a dent out of my car without a problem. Very happy with this item

Tried to remove a dent but it just work for me. I tried over and over but the dent just would not pop out.

worked ok but just not strong enough to take out the dent i had .... so really couldn't use it

I used this to pull dents out of my youngest daughter's car after somebody ran into the door in a parking lot.

For what it is designed for, this product does an outstanding job.  Suction power is impressive.  So much so, that if user is not careful, excessive pulling can actually aggrevate a bad situation to begin with.Product is not very effective for dents over two inches in diameter, although by pulling around the periphery of small dents may pop them out anyway.  I suggest wetting surface before applying tool for a better seal.For dents more than two inches in diameter, does a great job and I highly recommend this tool.  Well worth the money spent.Very satisfied with product.  Priced competitively.  The first dent it removes, pays for the price of the tool and more.

