This light is great, but I wish it came with the LED bulb as a standard item.After installing the LED upgrade the light is much better.I don't use the flexible neck very often, but it has come in handy. It also makes for a good handle to carry the light by and makes me feel like I'm walking around with one of the old railroad lanterns due to the shape and feel.

Pros: can aim anywhere, wrap around pipes or hang on the neck.Cons: very unstable if you try to stand it up unless its folded like in the picture even with XRP battery.Edit: after couple months of use dust got inside the reflector and cant get it out as lens isn't removable. Only use in NON dusty environment.

great

I had recently purchased a DeWalt 18V Cordless tool and realized that I could find "Bare Tools" on Amazon.  This light came in perfect condition and worked great with my battery.  The flexible light allows you to put the light in any location, or it can stand alone.  A perfect solution to those nights when the power goes out or just camping out!  I am VERY SATISFIED!

I've used this light for years because it came with the kit.Ok, one day I really needed it and I set it down and the thing fell over and the bulb broke.  I went and put another one in.  Of course, since I'm a klutz, I broke the second one and had to finish working in the attic with a bic lighter.One day I turned it on and the light was so bright it was so cool, then it burnt out quicky.  What happened?  I had put a 14 volt bulb in the thing.  Hey, it worked cool for a few minutes.Anyway, seriously, the flexible part needs design work, the light does not stand on its own well and often falls over.  The tool itself is indespensable, but if it had a longer neck that was more rigid and a base that was more stable it would work better.

I should say something about DeWalt that not a lot of people know. DeWalt and Black&amp;Decker are one company. So what is behind that black and yellow casing could be Black&amp;Decker!! ( Please don't misunderstand me, I am not saying it is; it could be-what is inside of a Lexus is a Toyota-Don't be fooled by advertising and what other people think ) Many pro. tool users will probably agree with me that DeWalt is not an industrial brand; it is premium household!Anyway, about this light, I am very happy with the amount of light it produces and the length of the time with one charge. (I have the 14.4v)  But, there is a problem. The reason why I bought this light is the problem, the flexibility. There is really no flexibility. This light will NOT be flexible as you would think it will. It will loose the balance and will fall. I used it for about a month, got tired of it and got the regular version of this light. That will do anything this &quot;flexible&quot; light does and saves me about 400-500% time on tiring to change the light angle.

I was skeptical, but being a DeWalt brand, I knew it would be great! I bought a Dewalt drill that came with two batteries and ended up using the second one for this floodlight.  I normally buy 1,000,000 watt Spot lights, but this Floodlight is just as bright and lasts ALLOT LONGER than traditional battery light or spot lights!

Very simple and handy item.  Being able to twist it around to position the light has proved helpful under the hood of my car.  Bought it on a whim while looking at something else on Amazon.  Good decision.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is that it could have had a feature to change from spot to flood and maybe it could have been LED or halogen, all in all it's a great item to have around.

I do a lot of work in houses damaged by fire.  This light is ideal as I can set it up and have both my hands free.  It has great battery life and great illumination.  My co-workers all ask to borrow this light as they still have hand held flashlights.  Hurray For School!

Like this DeWalt item.  It may be a little heavy to use as a flashlight to walk around the block with...but that is really not it's intended use now is it.  It has great substance and love the flexiblity.  Great price too at under 10.00. Already have other DeWalt items to share my recahargable battery with this item. Very pleased.

We have had this light for years.  It is so versatile and needed an additional one for another location.. We use it in the barn and other projects..

Very handy.  It has a very bright light and uses very little of the battery life. Flexible neck makes it usefull in many situations where extra illumination is needed.

Very dependable light. I use everyday in my business. Rugged and very flexible. A must have for techs. Bulb has never failed.

Worked like as advertised and very useful. Easy to work with and mount on any surfase. very dependable and lasted long time on one charged abattery.

This product is a great addition to your Dewalt 18V tool collection.  Stands on its own and casts a strong beam making work easier.

This is the greatest - and handiest - work lamp I've ever purchased.  The long flexible neck enables me to see into locations impossible to illuminate with a flashlight.

This light ended up being free with a DeWALT DEAL.  It is a great little light at a great price.

Doesn't hold in awkward positions as well as I had hoped it would. Shines bright and lasts a long time on a full charge so it's very good in those respects. Seems to be a quality light so far as with most dewalt tools.

Normally I love Dewalt tools but this thing is worthless. Imagine the light produced by a $2 flashlight you buy at a grocery store, and from an 18 volt lithum battery? I ended up just throwing it in the garbage.

The flexibility is so very very useable. With this light you don't need anyone to hold the a flashlight. Also you can actually keep your mouth close by buying one of these. I know a lot of people have held a mini mag light or something similar in there mouth to see. I've had to do it myself. But seriously guys, if you already have just at least 1 dewalt tool that uses the same battery. Then I would defiantly purchase one of these. It's well worth the money. So far I have never had to change the bulb, I believe it's because the flexible arm takes the jolt, instead of the head. Enjoy your Dewalt light. You will be very pleased.

Great product and great price.  This is our 3rd one, they wear out after heavy use and aren't worth repairing

If you buy this light then immediately buy the LED conversion kit for it sold here on amazon. Once you convert it over to LED you will have a super bright white light that won't run down the battery and it will hold up much better than the bulb type originally shipped with the units.I don't understand why DeWalt bothers to ship this with anything but LED!

we use this every day in the garage, bbqing in the dark, camping, etc. the most useful flashlight i'v ever owned

Light has many different positions w/ the flex head. Works great and shipped very quickly. Bulbs are expensive to replace is the only downside.

Love this light. It is very bright and lasts a long time with just one battery. The flexible neck wraps around almost anything.

Only reason the 4 instead of 5 stars was that while I was waiting the few days it took to get here I found it locally for about $4 cheaper but that was okay since I got what I wanted for a price I was willing to pay (MUCH less that retail) and for less than what most local stores had it....if I had ONLY checked EVERY local store....

If you have any Dewalt 18-Volt tools, this is a great flashlight to get.  I use it for lots of jobs when I need more light (and as I get older, I need more light to see lots of things. It is a strong light, maybe the LED version is better, but I like this version.

If you leave this light on too long with the high power bulb it will melt the lens!! Now I need to find a new plastic lens. I think I will have Tap Plastics cut me a Lexan hi temp plastic one.

Good light, able to get light where you need it.  I have a bunch of dewalt batteries so I always have a light when I need it.  Seems well built, like all dewalt stuff, and durable.

I always buy Dewalt products because they are durable and reliable. This light is just what I need to shine light on tight areas and is very hands free functional!

I really did not think this light was all that and a cup of tea until I got it. it is such a nice little helper on all the jobs that are hard to see. It is a must for a person who works alone. will buy another one if anything ever happens to this one. I love this accessory to my tools.

Purchased a second one after many years of tough use.  Head is a bit floppy to use, but hangs up by it quite well. No bulb replacement issues.

Just what I was after. Thank you.

I will update the products review once I've had a chance to use it, but it does feel a bit cheap

This is a handier light than I thought.  I bought it so that I can plug in a battery that has lost most of its power and drain that battery prior to recharge.  It does a good job of discharging batteries and a good job at lighting a work area.  Get it.

I'm pretty fond of this light.  I've had to go under the house a few times recently (not my favorite activity) and it's very usable with the light at the base, but once you're where you're going you can use the snake feature to put light where you want.  It keeps your hands free, provides lots of light, and lasts a long time.I have a few other DeWalt tools so I would normally have plenty of charged batteries around, so I appreciate not having the unnecessary expense and bulk of yet another battery and yet another charger.  Obviously if you haven't already bought into the DeWalt "system" it's probably not worth going there for a glorified flashlight.  But since it's clear this unit doesn't come with a battery and charger just use some common sense here...

The floodlight arrived in good condition, but the extra bulb that it is supposed to come with was missing and the packaging looked like it had already been opened. The price of the missing bulb wasn't worth the hassle of returning but this makes me suspicious of Amazons suppliers and/or practices.

Works great combined with my other 18-volt Dewalt tools, though I did replace the bulb with an LED from Super Brite LEDs, much brighter light and longer battery life, though battery life is pretty long anyway.  Really handy to set or lay it sonw and bend neck around to get the light where you need it.  Would be handy if it was a wider beam though.

Unit is not much better quality as one of those old $5 plastic two-D-cell flashlights from the 1970's.  Mine arrived all wobbly from bad shipping-packing, so the switch did not stay on without careful wiggling to get it exactly into the "right" spot.  Also, the lens cover was falling off, and I felt it might strip the threads if I tried to screw it on too tightly.  I returned it for replacement. Quality is not "DeWalt" but it's okay for the price.Functionality is pretty good.  It is very nice to have the heavy battery as its base to set it on ground and bend the flex-neck to face the light into exactly right position.  Not too much range of motion to move light head too far from over base before it falls over, though.  Light and lens is simple cheap-flashlight style, nothing precision or fancy, but it does put out a decently-even spread of light in a circular pattern without dark spots.  No beam pattern adjustability.Basically it is a borderline-cheesy-quality product but serves its function adequately.

This light lasts a long time with the 18v dewalt batteries.  If you have any tools that use this size battery already, I strongly recommend adding this light.  The battery serves as the sturdy base and the light provided on the flexible neck can be focused in some tight spaces rather easily.

This is a replacement for an old one that finally wore out.The only draw back is he fact that you have to balance the head just right to keep the unit from tipping over.Other then that, this is a fine product to get light where you need it hands free.

This is a very handy flashlight; please don't think of it as a FLOODLIGHT, as it is listed on AMAZON.  Even on the ticket I received from the buyer it says flexible flashlight... and does NOT say FLOODLIGHT!  I ended up buying two DeWalt flashlights; i thought i was getting one flood light and one flashlight.  This has no more lighting capability than the rotating head flashlight.

Product works as advertised but  the run-down test on a new Lithium battery was a bit disappointing.  With frequent power outages, I want a light that will last a long time.  I turned around and purchased the LED bulb kit and resolved this as an issue.The provided bulb's brightness was mildly disappointing.  The LED is brighter but does not throw as wide a beam.But if you add the cost of the floodlight ($35) + LED kit ($25) , it's a bit pricey.

I have recently returned from Scott Base Antarctica, where I had the chance to use the DeWalt 18 volt &quot;Snake light&quot; on a daily basis. This proved to be the single most used and appreciated tool that I took  with me. - Robust quality! -2 hours of light per charge! -worn around the  neck, it offered hands free operation! -40 below, still worked well !  However,-Spare bulbs are hard to find. I highly recomend this unit. Fred  Parsons. Winter Over Mechanic, Scott Base Antarctica.

I am using this lamp a lot. It is actually practical and flexible.But is is also sometimes frustrating because it tips over.luckily it is rather rugged and i have not broken it yet!Very good value for the price.

it's great for when you need 3 hands, you can twist it around something and shine the light where you need it.

bought to work on my car in a dark garage. The battery base hardly gets the lamp on it's feet unless you have a long irregular surface. there's one spot on my engine (over the fuse box) where it can stand.even then, the wire that holds the light up does NOT support the weight. i'm always having to leave the cable in a weird position so it does not succumb. it's very frustrating. the reach of the arm is practically zero as i always have to leave the lamp dropped somewhere. it can never be raised on the metal arm.Look at the pictures. see that the ONLY pic with the lamp raised it's almost vertical? that's the ONLY position the arm will hold. deviate one degree and it falls to the floor in slow motion.i'm now using it as an expensive lantern around the house for when the lights goes out.

I bought this last summer with the porta vacuum and used it around the house a bit and though it was OK -- then I realized that it is the holy grail for grilling at night when you don't want to turn on flood lights and attract the bugs. Uses the same battery as the vac. One of my best buys....

Received this today, and after testing this light by leaving it on for about an hour, the beam developed a multicolored blue band around the edge.  This is due to the plastic reflector overheating and becoming discolored.  I opened the light up and the plastic had a burnt smell to it.  Basically a poor design as the light is unable to handle the amount of light / heat that the bulb produces over a normal period of time.  Do not recommend purchase of this unit as the reflector issue ruins what is otherwise a nice light.

I sold all my DeWalt stuff locally and bought new, everything with the "nano" foot for the square lithium ion batteries.  Some items still run the old photos, but I got everything from Amazon and all with the new shape. Still accepts the oval NiCd batteries with the same positive connect. Now if you get Li batteries you won't see the oval overhanging them.Has storage for a spare bulb, but does not include the spare bulb.

Bought this to go with my Dewalt drill. I really like it because with the battery its heavy enough to keep it in place i can use flexible neck to direct light right where i want it .its like having third hand to hold light.

I wanted another light for my work on a boat and I have an 18v Dewalt drill motor with two batteries.  I expected the articulating arm to stay where i placed it.  Guess what, it does not stay..the light sort of droops down like a Charlie Brown Christmas tree.  Not very happy with this product.  The adjusting arm needs to be built sturdier so the light stays in place.

Was a little concerned when the DW flashlight arrived in a USPS plastic bag (bought from Neandertool). I thought that it was a used item.  But, when I opened it, the DW919 was intact and fully functional. It looked untouched and operated perfectly when I attached the L/I battery. I gave 4 stars because I didn't get a "heads up" that the item would arrive without the original packaging.

I got my firstone of these as part of a kit, after using it a few times I bought two more!  I operate a small airport and I find them very useful while repairing and inspecting aircraft, I keep one on my fuel truck so I can set it down and light up my work while I'm refueling airplanes. The heavy base and flex shaft make it easy to put light where you want it. This light eliminates the need for a second person (not always one around) to hold a flashlight and frees up both your hands for the task at hand (no pun intended).  A great light, and with Amazon's new lower price a great buy!James HatsisJames1@OconeeAirService.com

I used one of these at work and liked it so much I bought one for home. Then I bought another one for work. It's "snake" handle is very flexible, giving it the ability to wrap around or hang from almost anything in order to direct the beam. It casts a very bright, focused beam of light which can also cast very dark shadows.DeWalt also makes a fluorescent light that is much better when  you need a flood light. I use them both depending on the type of light I need (spot or flood).A fully charged 18 volt battery will shine for about 4-6 hours making it difficult to get through the day with out two batteries. If you don't already have tools that use these batteries and its charger, the cost of them would probably make this light prohibitively expensive.The price on these go up and down, I've seen them for less that $10 (which is when I pick them up) but they can also be much higher.One warning... The light bulbs (it comes with one spare) are very difficult to find and  expensive ($9 per pair). If you can't find them locally, you could spend as much to replace the whole light as it costs to replace the light bulbs.

Good flashlight. It becomes very handy if you already have dewalt cordless tools in which you can use the battery packs.

This flashlight is a very good flaashlight overall.  Its 18v pattery provides long lasting bright light for close objects.  It's "flexible snake" handle can be used to hang the light anywhere and aim it where needed. It would be an ideal light to hang under a open car hood to light up the engine compartment.However, after I received my DeWalt flexible floodhlight, I found on Amazon a black aluminum LED flashlight ("3 Watt Cree LED 3 AA Tactical Flashlight 180 Lumen Long Throwing Tight Spot yet wide moon light Torch, 7224bk") which uses 3 AA batteries and produces 180-200 lumens of light. A typical flashlight with an incondescant bulb will normally be WELL under 20 lumins, including the DeWalt flexible floodlight. At close objects it has a very small, bright center beam, but a very broad overspill beam allowing the user to view things not in the main beam very well. For illuminating distant objects, the small center beam gets broader with the distance from the object. It will illuminate objects 400-500 ft. away. I purchased the LED flashlight on Amazon and consider it to be one of the best flashlights I've owned. The way that LED flashlights have improved (compared to incondescant bulbs) is amazing. I use 3 re-chargeable AA batteries in mine. They get 3-5 hours per charge. In about 6 months I've only had to recharge it one time, and it gets lots of use. Unlike incondescant bulbs, the LED should VERY rarely, if ever, need to be replaced.

Like other reviewers have said, the light is top heavy. The illumination is very good, though. My only real complaint is that the switch is a slider on the front of the unit, a bit inconvenient. A rocker or push-button on the back would be easier to see and use.

I have several 18 volt DeWalt tools and this light fits perfectly in any workspace.  I use it on most every home repair project.  It was an excellent buy!

I think the light is really nice.  The price is the best I have seen for a new light.  It is a little expensive, but great quality.

I got this when I began working on a rental house owned by my mother.  This was very useful because it let me work at night when I'd otherwise have to shut down.  The use of common batteries with the other Dewalt 18V tools is what makes it so useful.I use it as an area light, bouncing off light-colored walls to light up an entire room (and it is a little dim for this).  I still carry a flashlight as a backup and I'd recommend the same to anyone using it at night, since you may knock it over, plywood may fall on it, et cetera.  It can be used for task lighting.  I suspect that the other Dewalt 18V flashlight might be better for that, though.The design of the light, with the flexible neck, lets you set it up in all kinds of positions.  The advice given in another review - set it on its side - should be taken to heart, as I think that's the most reliable way to use it.  Setting the light on the battery base and extending the neck can make it unstable.But this is a very useful light which can be used in many, many ways.  I think that, because it's so useful, one is tempted to use it just a little bit beyond its ability to balance itself.  With that caveat, highly recommended.

This flashlight should be on every 18v DeWalt owners must have list.An excellent value combined with outstanding function.Nicely done DeWalt.A nice upgrade would be a LED bulb kit, otherwise perfect.

dont know why dewalt doesnt sell this with their kits anymore, most stores dont even sell it, the have 2 other kinds but not the snake one. nice light .

I've had this for over a year and it has been a great purchase.  The light is bright and the neck is flexible yet stiff enough to stay exactly where you want it.If you have any other dewalt power tools its a no brainer.

This flashlight uses my 18V batteries and can be aimed wherever needed. Inexpensive and often helpful.

The Dewalt DW919 is an excellent device in the wide, wide world of flashlights.  It's bright and very convenient to use when you need both hands to be free to work.  I bought it as a Christmas gift for a friend who had been wanting one for a while.  He's thrilled with it.  I think, though, that this is a rather expensive device in its own right before you have to purchase the expensive 18 volt battery that makes it work. (Note, the battery does not come with it!)  If you already have Dewalt or Black and Decker devices that use this battery, however, you're in good shape--especially if you own more than one such battery.

I WAS AMAZED AT HOW FAST I RECEIVED MY PRODUCT.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS SITE TO ANYONE.  IT WOULD BE EVEN BETTER IF DEWALT WOULD INCLUDE A SPARE BULB WITH THE LANTERN.  HAVE TO GO LOOK FOR THE CAT WITH MY NEW FLASHLIGHT.

I like the product. No issue after 3 weeks of use. Battery is expensive, but fortunately, I share the battery with another Dewalt portable vaccum I own. So no issue here.

Got this light to replace my 3D and 5D Mag-Lites - should have done this years ago (I wouldn't have wasted all that money and resources on D Cells) Couldn't be happier about this purchase!Minus 1/2 star for the 1 design flaw I agree should be changed.  As others have already stated, there is no way to focus the light beam. Now I had read the reviews and I knew this going into this purchase, so I can't really complain.  But, maybe if we keep bringing this up Dewalt might listen and give their customers what they are asking for.Now my next point has nothing to do with Dewalt's design/production of this unit and is more a rant about how some folks just can't remember to compare apples to apples, and not oranges.Some folks complain about this units brightness - Okay yes, this is no multi-million watt spot/search light. But wait, on the other hand, that's not what I was looking for!  This unit provides a nice bright (325 Lumens)light and comes with 2 Dewalt DW9083 Xenon bulbs there is a spare in the head).  So, depending on which battery you use, (standard, XRP or Lithium) you should be able to get between 3.5 to 4 hours of run time off of a single charge!  So how long does your spot/search light last on a charge? What! only 15 min, sorry to hear that!Other reviewer's have also made numerous comments about the Flex support being to weak. Now, "gravity" and "torque" are natural and inevitible forces, and if you haven't figured this out by now you are a moron!  Let's face it, you can't even figure out how to work a flex neck on a flashlight, so who really cares what you think!  Take a few seconds - straighten the flex portion fully upright, keep the weight of the head over the units center of gravity, flex/point from the top of the support and aim the light where you need it.  It will stay there just fine, at least till you move it, or some other moron knocks it over.  And let's not forget you can also wrap that flex portion around a pipe, or a branch etc and hang the light.Overall - an excellent addition to my Dewalt family of tools

Great price and in perfect condition- minus the packaging. All together it was a great transaction. thanks!

Light works great. I was hoping with the weight of the battery the light would not fall over and be top heavy. It is not, works great when light is straightened out to it's hightest point.

This is the second one of these I own.  It is is an essential tool in my tool box.  I bought this because my original one has an intermittent in the flexible cord.  I still use the original, but I wanted to be sure I was ready should it fail completely.  Notwithstanding these issues, this is a great product.  The flexible neck with the weighted base (i.e. the NiCd battery) is what makes this a great portable work light..

I really haven't used this yet, but I did take it outside at night just to see what I bought. I it is almost like a spotlight. It really gives off a bright light. If course being18 volts it should huh. I have a Dewalt 18v drill what came with two of the ion batteries, but..........I wonder how many people bought this light,  thinking the batteries came with it. These batteries cost at least 4 times what the light cost if you go to Lowes to buy them. They come in a two pack. I don't know if you can buy just one. If you didn't have batteries already the way I did, it would probably make this not worth while. Boy, dat makes for an expensive flashlight.

This was one of those purchases where I bought it not knowing when I'd use it.  It sat for a few weeks and it has proven its worth quite a few times(many unexpectedly).  Didn't think I'd love it like I do.  The "Snake" functionality works great as a mounting hook and/or to tweek the correct angle of light in tight work areas.**I recommend this if you already have an 18v Dewalt setup--not if this will be your only Dewalt 18v tool.

Ordered this instead of replacing our 36V flashlight.  This is so much lighter than the 36 V and is just as bright.  The handle is very cool and handy to stick over something to have it shine on your work.

Bought this a few months ago and still working strong. Bought the LED UPGRADE and together this light rocks and the battery life is outstanding too.

This is a nice light but I would by far choose the regular pivoting DW908. My snake light came apart in one of the sockets about as soon as I got it. I glued it together and it has not failed since, but the other DeWalt light is much nicer for just regular flashlight use and is much more comfortable and balanced to hold or to set down and shine. The snake light is hard to get to stay where you want it, and it easly gets bomped or topples over. The pivoting light you set or lay over and just tilt that head to where you want it to shine and it stays there.Loren G. Martin

I have always used Dewalt and have always been extremely happy with them. They are built to last and the application is extremely well done. It's a great light and would recommended to everybody. I am a builder by trade, so my tools get very extensive use and I always try to provide the best review according to my experience.

It is a light and as such, does what a light is supposed to do except for one thing...The black ribbed flexible stalk that holds the actual light bulb head on broke somewhere near the base by the battery attachment. As such, the actual light is almost useless as it will not maintain any position at all and really I don't see a remedy except to try and disassemble the battery mount base and shorten the stalk and see it that will work. Unfortunately, out of the 100 or so small driver sockets I have, none seem to fit the base to even get the job started without it being a major headache. I take very good care of my tools and am quite frankly very disappointed by this DeWalt product. All of my other DeWalt products have been fantastic. I would think there must be better choices for a light than this one so I cannot recommend it.

Not a bad light.  I like the versatiliy of it, but it's not very bright as it has a standard flashlight bulb.  I don't necessarily recommend it unless you don't need much light

In my humble opinion, Dewalt makes a great product. This light is no different. If I could change one thing, I'd have an attachment for the base to make it broader. If the light is at too much of an angle, it tips over.

Product arrived on time with no problems.  Emails were appreceiated letting me know the status of my order.

... this product is a good solution.  I have other good flashlights, but it seems that every time I reach for one, the batteries have lost their charge (or leaked, or the flashlight bulb has gone bad).  The DeWalt battery is always ready, it's easy to clip into the light, and it  provides a bright, clear beam.  If you have other DeWalt tools, this flashlight is a perfect complement.Tip: Spend a little extra and get the DeWalt XBR line of 18V batteries.  They're much stronger and will last longer than the standard DeWalt rechargeables.

I always thought this thing was kind of a joke. While it is combo filler, it is also very usefull, the flex is rigid and stays where you point it. At least sofar being only 2 weeks old. Bright enough to see, this is not a surefire. I even hung it from some pipes and it worked. I grab this light for more jobs that I ever thought I would.An multi LED version or better yet a combo LED/incandescent would be a good redesign for the nano version. I dont like the feel of 100% LED lamps.Anyways, very good lamp but didn't come with extra bulb, hence four stars.

Has good light output. These days you'd think they would go with an LED or offer an LED kit to go easy on the battery.The flexible shaft is a bit too flexible and loses it's position unless time is taken to position and balance it just so. If not, it loses it's balance as the light sags and falls over. The problem is worse with the smaller and lighter batteries like the lithium Ion's.

I love mine.  I've owned it for several years and usually keep it in my car or truck at all times.  It's one of the most handy lights one could imagine.  If you're thinking about getting one, go ahead you won't be disappointed.

Very bright and the re-chargeable battery system works great.  Also have and love the companion drill product.Only thing that isn't great is when trying to use the goose-neck to aim the light with it on the ground; need to wrap it around something.

Purchased as a gift for my father.  My husband has had one for years and when dad used it he thought it was great!  He's at a point where he is very difficult to buy for and he didn't have anything like this so we thought it would make a great Christmas gift for him.  We have one hanging by the door of our cabin so it's handy for anyone to grab.

I bought this after I bought the 18V circular saw.  If you only get one light, make it this one.

I bought this for my boyfriend who restores/repairs cars.  He liked this gift; perfect for under the hood work or under the vehicle.

This style of flashlight is not available at the hardware stores any more.  My husband liked it as it was snake like and you could get the flashlight into areas and have his hands free while he was working.  I was surprised to be able to find the flashlight through Amazon.  It didn't have the Dewalt battery but it only cost $30.00.  We have Dewalt batteries from buying other Dewalt battery operated power tools.  I received this item rather quickly and used it as a Christmas present.

Although this floodlight is a little pricey, it works well, the flexible head is convienient, and it gives a good backup use for the batteries that otherwise just sit around waiting for a job.

The floodlight comes in very handy because of the flexible neck and battery - works great in hard to reach areas and awkward areas so your hands can be free for the job at hand.

My husband loves the thing!!  What more can I say, he loves this thing because it's a Dewalt and he loves all things Dewalt.

very handy, nice and bright.  The flexible goose neck allows you to aim the light where you want it.

THIS LIGHT GOES ON FOREVER, EXTREMELY BRIGHT AND USEFUL IN SO MANY DIFFERENT POSITIONS FOR ALL KINDS OF APPLICATIONS, SEEMS ALMOST AS POWERFUL AS A SEALED BEAM SPOTLIGHT

The 18 volt battery makes a nice solid base to support the flexible flashlight head in just about any position you want.  It last a long time and is the same as used on my 18 volt DeWalt drill and other Dewalt cordless tools.I am very pleased with this item!

I am a huge fan of DeWalt products and own a dozen or so  DeWalt tools. This light was a disappointment. If you want to use the battery as a base and point the lamp at something the flexible shaft can't retain it's position. Worse yet, as the light starts to sag the whole thing can topple. The problem is the flexible shaft is not very stiff. The light output is very bright and remains charged for a long time.

I've only used this light a few times already... It does stay in place where you want to stay. It's great for working under a cabinet.

