Overall I love the images in this book.  Decent variety, challenging enough for an adult too.  My only complaint is one that I have for most coloring books, and that is that the images are back-to-back on the same pages.  I prefer to use markers, as the colors you get are richer and you don't have to worry about keeping a sharpener handy.  However, because the images are printed on both sides of the paper, I have to make copies of the pages so that I can color them without losing half the images in the book.  I wish coloring book publishers would consider this and only print on one side of each page.

this book is filled with many designs that are pleasing to the eye.  I can't wait to start coloring in it.

Very, very complex patterns. Amazing detail. I was planning on using it as a reference for embroidery patterns but I think it has more detail than my skill can accomplish.

I was annoyed to be charged two shipping and handling fees, especially when both coloring books arrived in one package.The book itself was what I was looking for; representative examples of Middle Eastern geometric patterns.

This is my absolute favorite design book. The patterns are so intricate and fun to color. I can only imagine the possibilities!

I use these pages by transferring the designs onto ceramic tiles or pieces I make. I usually just use transfer paper and transfer the part of the design that I want. it's easy to glaze over the transfer too. I have a few of these books in the same series and am happy with all of them.

I loved doing these designs with colored markers.  They turned out quite pretty.  They were too difficult for my 10 year old granddaughter.

For intermediate to advanced coloring fans.  The designs are beautiful and intricate, clean lines, and each one offers a multitude of possibilities.  This in my opinion is Dover Design's best book yet.

I'm very pleased with this coloring book from Dover Design Coloring Books.  The designs are lovely, complex and intricate, and do take a while to color.  This is one of several coloring books I've purchased from this vendor, and I've been at least moderately pleased with all of them.  I would recommend this for young adults/adults as the designs may be overwhelming to younger children.  I will buy from Dover Design Coloring Books again.

I got this to go on vacation with my daughter. While I enjoyed these, my daughter found them a little too intricate and the patterns too small for her to color comfortably. The designs are beautiful though and for older children and adults are fine. I copied them before coloring so I'd have the chance to do different versions in the future.

Working with Mandala type coloring books can teach us a lot. 1) the light/dark placement of colors to bring into focus the center of the mandala (an example is on the cover of the book). 2) learning color choices that work together, teaching us the basics of the standard color wheel. 3) to stay concentrated to a task is good for improving or retaining cognitive capacities. 4) becomes a relaxing process, 5) last and certainly not least, to have some good fun. All of these points will improve our sense of well being.I like this particular Mandala coloring book by Marty Noble because it is a bit more complicated that her other mandala coloring books.  These are very traditional type designs that exhibit ancient sacred designs that span across several spiritual traditions.  They are easily removed from the book to work one at a time.  Four Star:  The designs are on each page, front and back.  This means you cannot use alcohol markers or markers that will bleed through the paper and ruin the other side.  Use high quality coloring pencils for best results.Creative Suggestion: Is to put your favorite design on an overhead projector, shine it on a chosen spot on a blank canvas and trace it. Then fill in with acrylics or oils or even water colors. Or you could complete this same process and project on a wall. This is sure to make an inspirational, yet soothing statement to your surroundings.

We spend hours focused on completing these.  This form of project allows the user to focus their attention on this, and other things, such as geometry lessons, simultaneously.

I love my coloring book! I use it to kill time at work, so the following doesn't entirely affect me, but it may affect other users. The color pages are back to back, so if you wanted to put it on your fridge or give it to a friend, you will lose the back side design. Also, the paper bleeds. Not a lot, just spots here and there if you like to color with markers.

Honestly, they're just coloring books - what do you want me to say? I bought this and a couple other coloring books and love them all. I haven't colored all the pictures yet, but the ones I have all look awesome. You can't color these with crayons or markers, obviously, but I've found that gel pens and a few colored pencils will do the trick marvelously, so that shouldn't be much of a turn off. The pictures are all really cool, but honestly I only color in this one when I'm feeling under the weather; it definitely helps keep a person busy and their mind off being sick. If you're thinking of buying this, just go for it; it's definitely worth the four dollars.

Very intricate-have to be in the right mind to tackle a page. will try with pencil instead of marker, which I usually use.

I like to color with gel pens and glitter pens. I also use some of the patterns for embroidery patterns. Love these type books. Thank you.

The tiles are simply dizzying. I realize it's a coloring book, but it's so busy that it's hard to even look at.

I love the intricacies of the designs in this book. Some of the pics took me three days to finish and I find that a great compliment to the originator of the subject. It would be wonderful if they were not printed back to back but it might increase the price. I recommend this with colored pencils for purposes of stress relief and meditation

This is great. Exactly what I was looking for, something to keep my hands and my mind busy during my downtime at work. It'll do great, an the designs are gorgeous.

Having just taken up colorizing as a new and therapeutic hobby, I am delighted with the second of the four books I've ordered. In addition, three of my selections were available as a bundle and my order did qualify for add-on items and free shipping. Amazon always seems to come through for me. Being available 24/7 never hurts either. But once again, try to keep your helpful kitties from trying to become personal assistants. They mean to be helpful, but lacking opposable thumbs...well, you know.

This book contains 30 full page designs that are beautiful and intricate in nature. Most of the designs are 7 x 9 1/2 inches. Great resource for any artist!

It' nice to have some mindless activity do do at night to keep me out of the refrigerator!  I love the patterns, and have enjoyed the book.

This book features very intricate and interesting designs with a somewhat elegant look. I will not be coloring these in but I plan to use them as a reference for ornamental designs in my artwork. Looks like each design would take a few hours to complete if done very nicely like the one illustrated on the cover of the book.

This is definitely an adult coloring book due to the intricate designs on nearly every decorative tile image.  The beauty that comes from each one has given me great delight.  Unfortunately the images are printed back-to-back, but if you use good quality colored pencils, this really isn't a problem.  I liken some of the images to the beauty and complexity of high-end Persian rugs; however the patterns do not restrict themselves to that style.  A few have a Celtic theme, some geometric, a few are similar to floral-themed stained glass designs, and at least one that strikes me as having an Oriental flair.  So there are designs for everyone in this book and one can spend many enjoyable hours making the designs "pop" by adding color to the "tiles."

I like the detail on the tiles and this helps me coordinate the colors for when I ever get around to actually having tile floors.

Bought this for my 14-year old daughter. Wasn't sure she'd be into coloring in a coloring book but she totally is. These are like meditation, very relaxing to zone out and color.

I bought this coloring book to keep me busy during down times at work. I really like how different the designs are. The are very interesting to work on. This is my second Dover Design Coloring book and I will definitely be purchasing more!

Book arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Will undoubtedly keep our young artists busy for hours,  Will be fun to use with them.

I chose this book as I am new to coloring Mandalas and wanted a &#34;cheaper&#34; version to try. This one works well for me, I wish it was not double sided, but I knew it was when I bought it.

I have many coloring books and this is one of my favorites.  I love the designs.  They are quite detailed and challenging to color.

I was looking for a challenging color book and this fits the bill. The designs are very detailed and intricate. The images are beautiful and so delightful to see them come to life with color. I highly recommend this to everyone.

Great designs.  Has small little spaces to color in.  Works best with  colored pencils rather than magic markers.  But nice.

Good for long winter evenings and snowy days.  Enjoy your mandala with some hot cocoa and a marshmallow or two.  Good for patient souls who have surpassed the need for instant gratification.

The pages are pretty think and the design plentiful. I'd copy the pages if you're drawing is as bad as mine. I'm pretty sure an avid drawerer(no? forgive me...)might be able to tackle this bad boy in a weekend. I've started coloring as a stress reliever and it seems to work out well, until work pops up in my head in the middle of drawing inside one of the thin areas. At that point, I furrow my brow and curse slightly under my breath. "Daddy, why are you mad?" "Because daddy can't stay in the friggin lines, sweetheart" I'm kidding. I don't curse in front of my kid. I'm still working on it after a couple months. For 4 bucks, you can't go wrong.

This is a very intricate and detailed coloring book.  The artwork is beautiful.  This product was delivered on time and was exactly what I expected.  It is a wonderful product and I recommend it.

Tiny, intricate and somewhat tedious designs. Not my favorite coloring book. I'm an adult color-er/colorist. I color for relaxation and fun. Some of these were just too fine and tedious, even with ultra-fine tip markers.

Nice designs. These sorts of books were recommended as a sort of active meditation for stress relief (picture types don't seem to have the same effect). The designs are pretty without being excessively intricate. It is a calming activity, in my case. Paper quality is good, too

Love!

I really enjoy this coloring books, it has a lot of detail and can give way to amazing images when filled in with color.

I chose this book that I might turn to for times that I need to turn my focus to something tangible...something real, at my fingertips.  Very good for helping to clear my mind and brings delight to see the color combinations come to light!

For three dollars, fine--but there is so much bleed through when using markers that you are basically buying half a coloring book. Also, though the images are cool, the edges of many curves are pixelated, which steals from the quality of the design.

Good designs, but the designs are printed on the front and the back of the pages.  This means that you have to remove them from the book, make a copy, then you can color it.  Otherwise you will lose the design on the opposing page.

i really like the designs.  i ordered it for a group of teenagers who don't like to do much.  they like to color the designs.  i'm thrilled.

These designs will blow your mind...fantastic job done by this author...spread out over the entire page each design is unique in its complexity...and I always "fall" for complex,sophisticated structures...coloring them was indeed a real challenge for me...blending various color textures(crayola, pencil colors, gel ink, glitter, metallic, highlighters and color pens)weakened a bit the page so some colored designs photos appeared a bit crocked...nonetheless, the experience I had with this book was worth every bit of a time...definitely a coloring book for adults.

Prepare to be swept away by the beauty of the images that your color choices will create. The spaces to color are sometimes very small, and require careful work and a steady hand. However, the payoff is immense. These images are beautifully done, and the work you do on them will inspire you.You may want to photocopy the pages if you wish to display or use each one, since they are printed back-to-back.Just beautifully done!

Can't tell you how man times I have purchased this book. After some time passes I may buy it again.  There are many fun designs in this book.

The kind of books my friend likes.  Good selection @ Amazon. Good price. She was happy to get it and requested more for the next Christmas.

These are very intricate designs and are very fun to color. I really like this kind of coloring book thanks a lot!

One of my favorite books I have.  I make photo copies of the pages so I can color them over and over again.

This is a great coloring book-- especially for adults. For other buyers, I suggest this: photocopy the picture you are coloring. That way you can reuse the book for years to come and not worry about the picture on the other side of the page. I have always done this and now have a collection of my "adult" coloring books.

I love the pictures.  They are very, very cool.  The only problem is that you cant use markers because they bleed through to the next picture.  They are also not very crayon compatible.

Lots of examples & ideas in this book. Great fun to use as a coloring book. I know that I'll be using this book for reference and for fun.

Oh, and for my teenager too.  Because that's who I really ordered it for.  Honest.  But, I am going to borrow it.  I call it sharing.I ordered several of these - different designs - but all by Dover and Marty Noble.  Of all of them, this is my favorite DESIGN  - but least favorite layout.  It doesn't take up the entire page like the rest of the books do. The design is in the center, and there is quite a bit of white, blank page, left all around it on every side.  What you see on the cover, is probably the biggest design in all of the book.  I will try to get a picture of the inside in the next few days, and post it here for you to see.Despite that, I do love the design.  (Just wish it were bigger, taking up more of the page.)  I love coloring.  It doesn't matter to me what it is, I just like to color.  I love that I have small children still (9 and 2) that I can color with, without looking completely silly (Not that I'd really care).  Coloring is relaxing.I stumbled across this book when I was looking for art supplies, and coloring books for my 17-year-old. (I typed in 'coloring book for teens' on a whim).  And I was happy to find these designs by Marty Noble.  The price was reasonable, and the quality is nice.  It's not a thick (lots of pages) coloring book like you would find for small children, only around 40 pages, I think.  But the pages aren't thin like a child's coloring book either.  They are a little thicker.  A little better quality.  Nice bold white sheets.  I'm thinking you may be able to use markers on this without them bleeding through, but I don't know for sure yet.  I'm going to try it.I'm pleased with my purchase, and will definitely be ordering more.

I love it except for my markers bled through the page so I have to decide which side of each page I like better.

Fun to do. I while away hours. They come in many different designs so you don't get bored.  They are challenging and very much worth the small price they cost.

Contains nice art with intricate designs, didn't bleed through, clear crisp lines on each of the designs, very pleased with this book.

always happy with these coloring books. Larg veriety and always ship quick. My son loves these. I have never been disapointed.

The designs are really nice, and there are enough of them to keep me busy for quite some time.  The only draw back was the thickness of the paper - it wasn't quite thick enough to use markers, which is what I like.  The very fine tipped ones.  The first thing I colored bled through and then the picture on the other side of the paper was affected.  So now I make copies of the design on card stock and color those.  Would be better either to print only on one side of the page or to make the book with thicker paper.  But I love the designs and am having a great time coloring them.

Has a lot of detail and reduces stress because u can concentrate on the drawing and details and relax. :)

Very nice for time destraction. Bought for my 14 year old niece. Although she would rather have a controller or keyboard in her hand, I at times I give her this for a &#34;technology break&#34;!

I bought this to give my students a pleasant and artistic way of developing fine-motor skills. They love it! I'm very pleased.

I only wish that the pages were one sided.  I color in markers, and they bleed through to the next design.

This book has beautiful, but incredibly intricate designs.  They are very small and would not be suitable for kids. Make sure you have some fine point markers or pencils for this one.

Fabulous designs that will be lots of fun to color.  I bought this to help with dexterity issues, as well as I just love the relaxation that comes with coloring. Great book with excellent paper used.  VERY  pleased with this purchase and will continue to add to my collection from this publisher.

The book came packaged perfectly and was in excellent condition upon opening.  The designs inside are beautiful and I look forward to taking out my colored pencils and relaxing.

I ordered several adult coloring books to use as coping skills for anxiety. My favorite was a paisley one but this one had many intricate designs and served its' purpose!

it was in the middle of winter when i ordered this book to pass the time too cold to do anything out side.  very happy with it.

I purchased two of these. I was very curious to see how each of my children would interpret their style into the pages. When they got them, they were not impressed....however, they brought them along (with suggestions from me) on our next trip.They love them now. They take them everywhere.The designs are stunning, and allow the person to be creative with their own style. My oldest has used charcoal, graphite, brush markers, crayons, and colored pencils on one design. This complete changes the final effect and gives him artistic freedom.

I can color right along with my grandchildren, without feeling intellectually compromised at the project.  This book is so amazing that I have used some of the designs for stained glass windows.  I highly recommend this for anyone who does not want to grow out of a favorite pasttime.

i love this book and very nice designs i would get alot more of these but of corse different designs but loike i said more.

Bought this for a hobby. I like this sort of coloring, the book itself has some fine lines, so a steady hand is useful. worth the buy if you are into this kind of coloring at all.

People who have seen this in my home are totally envious - what a great and relaxing way to spend time and unwind.  The designs are mesmerizing, and their complexity means a lot of time you can spend working on these instead of watching television.  I got crayons for it, but will have to break out the super fine Berol Prismacolor colored pencils for some of the designs because they're so intricate.

Believe it or not I have purchased this coloring book twice. I finished it once with some help from my neice and nephew and wanted to start again with the designs. There are so many different ways to color the tiles. The designs are detailed enough to keep my interest but not to the point of becoming frustrating. This book would also be good for older children. Definitely a recommended purchase

This book has many beautiful and intricate designs.  The only problem I have is that the designs are on both side of the page.  If you decide to display your work, you have to decide which side.  Also when using markers to color tiny spaces, the color bled through.  So try not to let the marker stay to long in one place.Overall, I like the book.  I only wish the designs had their own page.

I absolutely love these designs. I have been looking for just this type of book to help me with my concentration problems. Not only are the designs very beautiful but some are complicated at the same time. It is a challenge to see how many different combinations of colors and redirection of design you can come up with from just one page. I am looking for more of this type of book to help me with retraining my memory and cognitive powers, that have been lost due to extensive medical problems. My Dr's all say that this book and others like it are an excellent way of doing what I need in order to reach where I once was.Thank you for having books like this available for someone like me to use and get back to some kind of a normal life once more.

This is a great coloring book.  Pictures range from very simple to more complex, and the variety of pattern keeps it from being boring.

This coloring book has provided hours of creativity and entertainment. I color in this book while watching tv to give my hand something to do.

This coloring book is one of my favorites! Sometimes it takes me a while to even get started because each page can be taken in so many colorways. Great adult or older child coloring book

I ordered a total of 4 design books and this is my favorite one of them all...love the finer lines and detail to each page...great for the pens I use to color them...do not recomend markers for most of the designs, it would be too difficult to stay in the lines...gel pens work perfectly!!!

My first 'adult' coloring book.  I'm very pleased with the designs and the quality of the paper.  Shipping was fast as well.

Loved this to play color designer and simply focus on. Great stress relief & makes me want to turn some of them into real area rugs!!

I love this tile pattern book. It was a gift and I would absolutely purchase it. There are enough different patterns so you don't get bored, something that happens to me often. So I recommend this book to all.

The pictures in this book are very detailed and frustrating to do.  Not what I was expecting. I have many Dover books and this was a let down.

The book is fantastic for those who want to make a design their own! There are so many ways to color one page, and these are my favorite kind of coloring book for that exact reason. I could see an art teacher using this book during a class to really get kids' minds going and getting them to see just how different the same piece of art can end up being. I truly cannot say enough good things about this book.

Highly recommended.  The designs are intricate, engaging and fun to color.  I also purchased the Paisley and Mandala coloring books to give away as gifts.

Wonderful designs and literally hours of creative fun.These are really beautiful patterns and a joy to color.I will be buying more for the colorers in my life!One thing I do not like is if you color with a marker the picture on the other side of paper is lost because the colors bleed through.

No good

My husband loves these.  It is a great winter time activity.I copy to Card Stock so colors don't run through.

While browsing the coloring books at Michael's I found this one and in my opinion it was the best of the lot.I've been having an awesome time listening to music and filling in the designs.  There's lots of variety and they're all beautiful and soothingly repetitive without being boring.Coupled with smooth-drawingKoh-I-Noor Progresso Woodless Colored Pencils 24 Color Set, I'm having a blast.

I love these books. When I am stressed, or cannot think while I am writing, I grab these books and color with a pencil and allow my mind to wander. It is good therapy for the mind.

I've completed two of these books now, and am working on a third. The designs in this book are sophisticated enough to allow endless perturbations of complex designs, but not too intricate to require the skills of only the most accomplished artists. Noble brings out "the artist in you" through this terrific book.There are 24 patterns in the booklet, each of which is printed on matte white recycled paper stock. The paper surface is slightly on the rough side, probably owing to its recycled paper process, but smooth enough not to disrupt the coloring process. I've used four types of pencils on it, which have the following characteristics on the pages:Sanford Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencil Set, 72/Tin with New Colors: superb color laydown, rich, creamy, deepKoh-i-noor Progresso - 24 Woodless Coloured Pencils. 8758: thick, deep, solid, extremely creamy, more difficult to stay in linesLuminance 6901 Colour Pencil Set Of 38: more precise, with less thickness of color, but good shades of lighter colorPrismacolor Verithin Colored Pencils, 24 Colored Pencils(2427): extremely precise, but difficult to do anything other that lay outlines (which is their purpose, anyway)In sum, I can say this is an excellent booklet for anyone wishing to explore with colors, patterns, and shapes. The results can be simply stunning (see my sample photos I've uploaded, along with the many other samples which others have uploaded, too).  Five stars!

When I received this book it was just what I expected it to be.  Unlike some stained glass books from Dover, this was full size and patterns are easy to use and follow.

It's a lot of fun. Turn your creative self loose.  Also it's very calming to do.

I love design books and am an avid colorer.This one lets you use your imagination and is very enjoyable. The designs are different and have enough intricate detail to make them more complex and challenging.

This is another wonderful coloring book by Dover. The 30 designs are printed back to back but I do not have bleed through when using art pens. The designs in this book are intricate and allow the use of a fine tip pen or pencil. I like using a variety of colors in a single design, the tiles have many sections that are seperated from one another. I recommend this as I do most of the Dover Design books.

This is a fun book.  I prefer the more intricate, detailed designs.  There are a couple in here that are SO full of tiny detail I am a bit overwhelmed but I will give it a try.

It included the history behind tiles and the designs are amazing. My 10 year and I love it. So does my 7 year old.

This book is so so fantastic. The designs are beautiful and intricate and my children love to color while I read to them at night. This keeps them busy and relaxed for hours!

The complex patterns and smaller color blocks lend themselves to the deep jewel tones I really like. Perfect with Prismacolor pencils. Paper layers and blends nicely. Very relaxing!

I love this book. The designs are great.. I just wish there were more to color.. I was so excaited about the pictures i finished the book in three days.. This book was alot of fun...

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the pictures are on both sides of the page.  It sucks when you use the markers and it bleeds through to the other side.

Love it, a fun adult coloring book for Mom while little miss colors beside me.  Beautiful illistrations and nice paper.

The designs are good, it's decent paper quality. Not too many designs, but it's not that expensive, so it's fine. The designs are front to back on each paper, so sorry, can't hang them on the fridge!

Even though the drawings in this book are beautiful, some of them have really tiny spaces to color. Unless you use a very sharp point on the color pencil or a fine tipped pen, some of the designs could be frustrating to paint. I have bought other Dover coloring books that I am enjoying a lot more than this one.

I just recieved my copy of decorative tile designs, and I was thrilled with the actual contents. However, this product could have been a bit better if they had been printed on one sided paper. (or even paper that was a bit thicker) It is impossible to use paints or markers on these pages, and crayons would be entirely too wide to use effectively due to the very small spaces on a good deal of the designs.. I don't mind using colored pencils, so I'm not completely disappointed, but the ability to use markers without serious bleed-through would have made this product worth five stars. All in all, this is definitely best for an older child or adult, especially if they love coloring with pencils and/or like intricate patterns.

The art is nice in this coloring book. But I find some of the pages to be boring and repetitive. Thin pages mean you cannot use markers, which is a bummer.

had it sent to a family member in a prison- she is thrilled w the designs- what can be sent there is limited and am overjoyed when some item is just right

This is a cool book for keeping kids engaged while having down time in school. The different designs and shapes just keep them entertained.

the designs in this book work wonders for creating inspirational pieces for my embroidery and quilting. It arrived on time and in good condition

Coloring mandalas has been theraputic for me. And this book is a great one.Would have given it five stars except that the pages are double sided.

The designs are dazzling and intricate. This is for an adult, who likes to color and color and color. There are 30 pages of back-to-back decorative tile designs that are complex and detailed. The designs are all different. Paper is pretty smooth. It is going to take you a long, long time to get through this book. I found it addictive. Thoroughly enjoyed it, probably my favorite so far.

very awesome designs can be coppied leaving original and given out as art assignments studing patterens and zentagle patterens as well i think

This is a perfect &#34;adult&#34; coloring book. I like that with this book, I don't feel like I'm coloring in juvenile and cartoon-y images. It's soothing to fill in these patterns, and the paper the book is printed on is high-quality.

Love the intricacy of the coloring pages.  Can't wait to start!  I do recommend using quality colored pencils like Prismacolor.

