Great product that meets my cat's nutritional needs .=)

I have used Science Diet for over 20 years now. My cats coats are soft, and shiny.  I recently adopted a rescue that found me, for the first week, her litter box stunk so bad, it made me gag.  Finally when the old cat food was out of her system and she was 100% science diet, it was a huge difference in the smell!! The price seems high compared to other brands you find in the store, however, it really isn't. Cats are nutritionally satisfied and the food goes a long way.  It averages 10.00 a month for one cat.  Not bad.  I won't feed anything else.

I used to only buy Science Diet. Knowing my elderly special needs cat did not like his dry food; I decided to buy a bag of this. Big mistake.He did not like it and after a few days I noticed the cat food dispenser was very greasy! I decided to give it to another house cat I have, same results, she did not like it.I am the caretaker of a feral cat colony. I have tried it on 7 feral cats and they are not even crazy about it. They eat it but not eagerly. I poured the bag in a food bin and every time I scoop it out, there is oil in the scooper and also on the plate. It is heavy with oils. It even smells disgusting.Sadly after trying this out on nine different cats, I have to say I would not buy this again. Try a sample locally or buy a smaller bag if you can. Not a hit here at all.

Once the best, always the best. Start your kitten on their plain kitten formula and, six months later, start them eating this. No treats, no human food, no milk. No nothing. Just the kitten formula, then this. For the rest of their lives. They don't need anything else. They'll be perfect weight (the worst thing in the world for a cat is to be fat) and have a good coat (a hairball now and then never killed anyone). If they ever get sick, you'll always know one thing for certain: It wasn't the food.

Best cat food on the market.

why don't you put the title in the box since that is the product we are asked to write about.It took my cat a bit of time to get used to this new [for him] food. Now he likes it and he finds it filling--so He eats about 2/3 cup twice a day, which is a good way to control his weight.  He is an indoor cat  linving in a one-floor apartment and does not exercise as much as he did when we lived in a house with 2 sets of stairs, which he used regularly.  So controlling his weight is necessary.

I have a senior cat that gets sick eating poor quallity cat food.  He does much better eating this brand.

I used this food with one cat for five years and figured she was just a puker. After she died, I got another cat at 4 years old and he began to vomit frequently. The lightbulb finally went off in my head- stopped the science diet and the vomiting stopped and hasn't returned. Hmmmm.My carpets are happy too.

My cats really like the food, so no complaint there, BUT the pieces are too small. When the bites are that small my cats don't really chew it. The pieces are a size that is best for kittens. I've read that it is best for their digestion, and their teeth/gums if they have pieces that are just a bit bigger so that they have to chew it.

Good for growth and health, this pet food came recommended by my vet. Now, my little kitten is a healthy weight and is boisterous and happy. Good job, Science Diet.

I got this for my kitties and all but one love it. Theyre very very picky. Have been feeding them purina one chicken and rice and purina indoor formula. One of them (the one who doesnt love it) loves the indoor formula. I have one that eat hills prescription diet k/d so I figured they would like this since they try and eat hers all the time. Im hoping it will be loved by the other over time. Just started giving it to them today.

I have 7 cats and they all eat it and are very heathy. My vet and the shelter I got my kitties from all recommended this. My cats are indoor and outdoor cats but do keep litter boxes in house just in case. They go less because of the nutrients stay in them and doesn't go to waste. So well worth the money to keep them healthy and their coat shiny.

My cat Charlie loves Science Diet. It's exceptional nutirional food, with a taste cats love. I love the way it is delivered to my front door. No more dragging the food from the car up to up to the porch, it's already there. It's the best thing I decided to do, no more store for me.

My cats love this food.  Their coats are wonderfully shiny and their bodies are sleek and muscular.  Both Romeo and Julia are healthy and happy due to the nourishment provided by this formula

My cats, the old one, the young one, and the outside cat all love it.  The small size of the pellets makes it work exceptionally well in the automatic feeder.  When asked, my veterinarian readily okayed it as a suitable diet, and the price compares favorably with other cat foods.  What's not to like about it?

This is the cat food my vet started us on years ago and it has worked for every cat we've brought into the house over the years.  We just use whatever is appropriate for their age, etc.  So right now all my cats are adults, healthy and trim so we can use the original Adult Optimal Care.  I absolutely love that we can order this through Subscribe & Save, it's so convenient, means that I never forget to pick up food, and always have a back-up bag already.  Plus with free shipping that easily offsets the dollar difference cheaper I could pay for it elsewhere in town because it means I'm not spending gas and time to drive across town to the discount pet store, I just come home and my preferred cat food is delivered to my front door.  :)  Thank you Amazon!

Because of my back, I have these shipped to my house several times a year so my cats never run out and my back doesn't have to wear out. Mommy and kitties are both delighted with this.

I ordered Hill's Science for my 2 cats earlier but the nuggets were too large & hard for them to eat..I received an e-mail suggesting the Adult Optimal Care.  Both love it & have no problems with size of hardness.  Thank you for the help!

Science Diet, I use for many years. My Cat is nutritionally satisfied and the food goes a long way. The food makes my cat coat soft, and shiny. The price is higher compare to the other brands you find in the store, but it is worth it. The science diet makes a huge difference in the general well being of my cat.

All of my cats like it. It is a quality dry food. Of course, always keeps clean fresh water available at all times.

As I'm reading reviews here, I'm seeing so many similar ones (&#34;cats love this&#34;, &#34;cats say thanks&#34;) ... they read almost like ads for Science Diet. I'm not sure what to think. My cats have been eating Science Diet Optimal Care for 5+ years. I've never had a problem until this last bag I ordered. Two of my three cats have been vomited (not hair balls), one of them is acting a bit lethargic, and I noticed the last couple of days that they've been drinking unusual amounts of water. I'm worried about them and I'm planning on speaking with my vet soon. As to the food itself, it's very oily - much more so than previous bags I've purchased. It smells different too. I read in a previous review that Hill's changed their formula in 2012. But I've never had a problem until now (2014), so I'm not sure what's going on. I'm worried about my cats and I hope this food isn't harming them.

With this being a vet recommended brand I thought I'd have my cats try it out. They eat less (compared to any other brand with fillers) and look way healthier than before. I recommend it.

This cat food contains a lower level of magnesium than the "supermarket" cat foods. Low magnesium levels help to prevent urethra problems, especially in male cats due to their more narrow urethra. I would rather pay the higher price for this brand of cat food than bring my cats to an emergency vet in the middle of the night because their urinary tract gets blocked, not to mention the aggravation caused to the cat. Other brands of low magnesium cat food include Iam's and Nutro-Max. Hill's Science Diet food is round-shaped, rather than "hooked", which makes it easier for one of my older tooth-challenged cats to swallow.

I love it.  The litter doesn't smell and the kitties do not have upset stomach's.  And their coats are beautiful.

My cats have been on Hill's Science Diet since they came home as kittens. This food is great and keeps them very healthy, it's what the vet has always recommended and I've stuck with for my cats. I get the big bag because it's easier to store it in a large air-tight container near their food and not have to worry about buying food every other week or so. So glad to see this on Amazon Prime now, I used to have to go out of my way to speciality pet stores just to get it as places like PetCo out here don't always carry it.EDIT/UPDATE: My oldest cat is turning 6 this year and my younger one will be 4 later this year. Both are still very healthy, active, and not overweight.

I love having the cat food delivered to my house.  It saves me a trip, and I don't have to lift the packages in and out of the car.  The items are delivered into my garage.

MY 2 CATS..AGE 4 AND 2...LOVE THIS CAT FOOD SO MUCH THEY WILL NOT EAT ANYTHING ELSE..SO I AM HAPPY BECAUSE I DONT HAVE TO QUESS AT WHAT THEY MIGHT LIKE AND WASTE MONEY ON CAT FOOD..TRYING THEM..I HAVE BEEN FEEDING MINE SINCE THEY WERE 4 MONTHS OLD..WHEN I GOT THEM..

My 2 cats have been eating this product for over 14 years! They love it and, as a veterinary technician, I love it! I know that my pet's are eating a high quality diet. If you decide to switch your brand of pet food to a Hill's Science Diet please, do so gradually. Why? Because an abrupt change in our pets diet may cause vomiting and/or diarrhea. The change over should take place over a 2 week period, gradually increasing the new diet. Oh my! I forgot about the cost for the 17.5 pound bag. If you select the &#34;subscribe and save&#34; option you will pay about $29.00. I priced the same product at my local stores, and they were asking about $42.00 plus tax, plus the gas in my vehicle, I don't need to go any further, you know what I'm talking about.Please, write to Amazon to let them know what an impact it would make on our wallets to start taxing us on our purchases at Amazon.With kindest regardsCheryl L.

My cat Gracie is overweight and has been using this food-she has lost weight, and is more active.  She loves this product and a few of the other ones. LOVE IT-LOVE IT-LOVE IT!!!!!

Horrific cat food made with junk ingredients. If you care for your cat and want the best for them, take five minutes to research what you're feeding them and I guarantee you, you will not be feeding them this food.

Three of our four cats became disinterested in the IAMS dry cat food since they changed the formula a few months ago.  IAMS had served them well.All the cats are crazy about this dry Science Diet food, however. They do love chicken flavor. They now seem to be disinterested in the wet canned food they used to love :)

When looking up cat food I found out that this food had a lower rating that the food I was feeding before. And I can get that good anywhere

I knew this food was very different than most dry cat foods when I opened the bag - it seemed like smaller bits of &#34;meaty&#34; style dog food. Our cat seemed to like it but she kept vomiting it up and having bowel movements all over the house, which is very uncharacteristic for her. Switching to another food (Kit-n-Kaboodle) solved the problem, pinning the issue directly on this food.

My cats like this food.  I wish I did not have to pay shipping 'cause it's easier for me to buy online than find transportation to the grocery store.

The price was better than other places we checked AND with free shipping to our door--what a deal!  We've tried the pet chain stores over the years and other retail stores as we've been cat owners since 1975.  We stay 'educated' regarding the brands we use.  As is with many of us now, every penny counts.  The site is user-friendly and our order was arrived in a very timely manner.We've shopped at Amazon.com over the years for things other than cat food.  I don't recall EVER having a problem.  We come back as often as we are able.  The prices and service are the best!

It's consisting of good nutrients for Lucy. She likes it. Lucy has tried other cat food. Also, I want the best for her.

This food helped my fat cats lose weight, but I think it was because they hated it and did not eat as much.  When I put them back on the regular Hill's food, it was like they had been in a concentration camp!  The food has kind of a funny smell to it, also.  Cats are smart.  You can't fool them.  The kibbles may look like the same thing, but I am sure they don't taste the same.

My two cats age 5 and 18, yes, 18 love this food. My 18 year old Siamese can be very picky but loves her Science Diet.

Both my cats love Hills Science Diet food!  It's more expensive, but worth every penny!  I used Iams for years, but lately they seemed to be vomiting more so I decided to switch.  Glad I did.  I may still try &#34;Blue Buffalo&#34; at least once.  I've read great things about this food also.

I have used Hill's Science Diet for a number of years and will not buy anything else.  In the "pet food recall", only one of Hill's numerous products was recalled.  Even though it is more expensive than other cat and kitten foods on the market, I have found that it lasts a lot longer because more of it is digestable.  I have been "foster parent" to a number of kittens and start them on Hill's as soon as I start weaning them off the bottle.  All of my cats shed less, which is a sign of good health; have very shiny coats and stay in excellent health.

Science Diet is perfect for my baby, he really loves it, and he is so healthy.  His coat is also very healthy and shiny.  The food came on time, and was in great shape.

When I first ordered this food I thought I was buying the 10 lb bag. Ity was the price I had paid in the store.  When that big box arrived we were shocked to see we got the large bag for the price of the smaller 1.  the big  bag fits in our storage container. Our cat Rascal loves the food. It lasts him 3 months.  Its great not having to go to pet store We don't even have to pay for shipping.  We will continue to order it

they were not that thrilled with it so I am going back to Purina Cat Chow for the younger ones.

They seem to like it. They also share a can of food in the evenings, which I put on top of the leftover kibbles from the morning. They are happy and healthy. I virtually never give them any human food, and I don't vary their flavors - they always eat the same thing. In fact when I have tried to introduce some variety they have not liked it.

I use both this and the &#34;light&#34; dry cat food for my two cats. I mix them together and they like that a lot.The price is much better than I can buy locally,and delivery was free thanks to my Prime account.I will be feeding my cats Science Diet cat food from now on.

My last three cats and two dogs were all raised on Science Diet (2003-2013) despite the fact that during much of this time I was a poor, graduate student. There were times that my cats ate better than I did (ramen sucks). In November 2013, my cat had a terrible eye reaction/infection? During my research over what could be causing her issues I found out that this brand is an overpriced version of the crappy stuff you can buy in a grocery store. I felt betrayed by the company but even more by three different vets who recommended it for all of my animals. One even had the audacity to say he didn't believe that cats should avoid grain heavy foods...I think I will trust the Cornell Veterinary School website rather than a vet from Podunk Alabama who is obviously getting kickbacks from SD to push food! I immediately changed my cats to canned food and Publix's new dry cat food, which is grain free and inexpensive unlike Blue Buffalo, etc. My only fear is that my cat who died three years ago from kidney failure died due to complications from this food. Please don't give this food to your fuzzy children!

Great food & quality. My fault for choosing too large size. Made it hard to pack & ship, which could have been packed better.

My male cat has literally the stinkiest poo in all of the world. I live in a tiny apartment, and there have been times when he's pooped and I wanted to vomit. Every food I've tried with him until now have only made it worse - but science diet has worked wonders! His poop still stinks, but this food has helped out tons. It's healthy and lasts a very long time (because cats will eat less when they have more filling, healthier food) and I will recommend to anyone!

All of our cats (6) of different backgrounds and ages love this food, and are quite healthy.  I appreciate the ease and $ savings of ordering from Amazon Prime and having the feed arrive on my doorstep in a day or two. Please add the 17.5 pound size of the Optimal Care (original) to the Subscribe and Save program!

I got my cat at a shelter and they feed this to the cats there. My cat Wanda loves it. Never any waste and it makes for a cleaner litter box. Cuts stool odor down 90%. No dyes that can stain either. Keeps Wanda happy and very healthy.

I adoped a 3 year old rescue siamese cat on 3/8/2014. When I received him, he had been abandoned and was living at the rescue for several days. There he was feds this pet food; so i decided to continue the same food. My cat was extremely thin and you could see his ribs,  and he  had a dull coat. After nearly 2 months on the food, his coat is shiny and soft. He has put on some weight and weighs 11.5 pounds now. I feed him his portion for the day every morning at 6 AM and he grazes all day. He enjoys the food. I also noted that his stools have been less smelly compared to when I first received him. overall, a great food that I would recommend. I looked at the ingredient list compared to the cheap foods and the difference is in the ingredients. The cheap cat foods use chicken by product as the first ingredient vs. chicken with science diet.

High quality dry food with lots of natural oils in it keeps my cats happy, shiny and healthy. I have fed my cats on this for decades and they live to a very old age with very few trips to the vet. My cats have lived to be 18-20 years old on this diet along with some Fancy Feast wetfood. Highly recommend.!

i recieved this item damaged. the beg was torn and spilled. returned.it was just one of those things that happens

I have 6 cats and 2 of them took to this food right away.  The other 4 took a bit more time but now all 6 of them eat it and love it especially when it is fresh out of the bag.  Make sure to tightly close the bag in between uses so that it stays fresh and only put out what they will eat right away.  If it sits more than a day my cats won't eat it and it becomes raven food.

We have a kitty with some urinary issues. He developed unprinted crystals, a precursor to kidney stones (vet said it probably felt like peeing shards of glass). He was certainly letting us know, so nobody was happy. (Of course, I was glad he let us knows and even happier when we got it worked out).Here's what we learned. Cat food has to have a balance of specific vitamins/minerals and if the amounts are out of whack, cats are very prone to urinary problems. We had switched to Spot's Stew, an &#34;all natural&#34; food, and it gave our little dude some major problems. Apparently Science Diet is one of the best companies for studying and developing formulas for urinary issues, and behold, we have had NO issues since switching. Can I get an amen?!?!?The price point on the big bag is also excellent, if you do much comparison shopping in the stores. So, everybody is happy!!

So far I have been mixing the Hill's Science dry food with what my catshave been eating and gradually increasing the amount of Hill's Science.The cats have been eating it so I assume they like it!!!

This is quality cat food at a great price.  It was packaged appropriatly, the bag was not ripped.  The cat seems to enjoy the food, and I know its balanced nutrition compared to the junk cat food at the grocery store.

I have always found Science Diet to be a superior pet food brand. All feline members of my family eat it and are in optimal health. The small kibble is particularly nice in that it takes them longer to eat it, and they are less likely to vomit from eating too quickly.

This item arrived quickly and in packaging that protected the item and arrived directly to my door.  I would recommend ordering it online.

This cat food is a good product, sold for a fair price, It was delivered to my home with no hassle.

My cats have been eating Science diet dry cat food for many years. They like all the flavors. I will continue purchasing Science Diet.

I got one bag of Science Diet when I adopted my little cat from the shelter and bought a bag here to keep it going. I read the reviews that said their cat's were always ravenous and or got fat. Well both my guys have gained weight while on this stuff and I recently ran out and had to feed them only the Royal Canin Food that I mixed in with it; well they are contentedly sitting next to me past their normal feeding time and well past the point they would normally start nagging me (about an hour and 1/2 before hand)so I'll join the chorus that says this stuff leaves their cat begging for more and question it's food value. I started noticing this a couple of days after I ran out. Proof; I don't know but, I'm not buying any more of this stuff.

I like this product very much and have used it for our cats since they were very small. They love it and stay very healthy and their coats are silky and shiney. It was recommended by the vet, although it is a bit expensive the cats stay healthy. I can buy this product cheaper from local sources because of shipping charges so won't order again. Johnny5536

we have been feeding our 3 cats science diet for years, and have been waiting for this to pop up on subscribe and save.  it did!  this ends my review.

I adopted my cat from a shelter and this is the type of food they fed him and urged me to continue feeding him. He absolutely loves it and I won't be changing brands or food anytime soon. It seems to be a very high quality dry cat food and it's definitely one that my cat loves. The big bag of food is great especially if you have large Rubbermaid (etc) containers to store it in so it doesn't get stale. I'm very happy with this food and I'm very glad the shelter (and my vet) ended up recommending it. My cat is happy and I'm happy knowing he is being fed appropriately with high quality food that is helping him stay healthy.

My cats love the food. It's more nutritious than cheaper brands so they actually eat less but haven't lost any weight. Good brand.

Our cat has what I call kidney stones. She was constantly having to go to the vet, with problems.  The Vet said that if put her on Science Diet food, that could help.  Hated to do that because it is quite expensive, but the vet was right, my cat does not have any problems.  Have tried to get her off the food, to other brands, that doesn't work end up paying a vet bill and having a sick cat.  So, I am sticking with a brand that I know will be good for my cat.  I love the fact that I can have the food shipped to my door, plus it is $10 cheaper than buying it in the store.  That is what makes it a winner!J. Kline

Usually, my cat gobbles this up as soon as I put it in her bowl.  I love how it is cheaper than buying it in a store, and that I don't have to go out looking for it.  I am on the plan where a bag of the food is delivered every month or two or whatever.

My store is far away and they stopped buying this item.  Amazon cat food was a great buy and arrived quickly.  For me, it is the only was for me to shop.  Great product.

This cat food is what it says it is.  It's what the vet had been giving my cat and she still likes to eat it.

Good product but it is getting ridiculously over priced. The last 17.5# bag I bought September 2013, here at Amazon for $26.49. Now it has increased to $37.24. That is nearly a 50% increase in just a few months. The problem is Hills Science Diet raising the price, not Amazon.

Despite this brand's incredibly high cost and assumed reputation, it was just another brand in the same list of all those dozens of store/budget brands recalled in early 2007 after a bad batch of wheat gluten killed a lot of pets. That this brand with the above-premium price is made by the same plant as all those budget brands, makes its claims of superiority (the ingredient list notwithstanding) seem incredibly dubious.

I fed this to my cats for years and dealt with weight issues until I read the ingredients. It has a high grain content compared to meat content. Cats are carnivorous and while I am sure the protein is added somewhere, it strikes me rather like the Atkin's Diet. When I put my cat on a higher meat diet, he lost weight.

Maybe it's spoiled?  The exp date was fine but it smelled so bad I could not keep it in the house.  Never had this problem with cat food and I don't have a sensitive sense of smell.  Cat will not eat it and she will eat any brand, super cheap to high end. Our dog, who lives to sneak cat food so much we have to keep the cat's food where he can't get it, would not eat this when I offered him some as a test.

I have 3 cats who eat Hill's Science daily. They not only like it, but they seem to thrive on it. I suppliment it with a watered down portion of a wet cat food, mostly to make sure they drink enough

Came as expected.

Recommended by the local animal shelter upon adoption. My 3 cats will eat when hungry only, Sometimes will supplement with other treats. Last a good month.

Although I like this cat food for older pets, this is misleading as Hills reduced the weight in the bag to 3.5 pounds.

My cats, all four, enjoy this food very much.  They turn down food in other bowls sitting right next to this food bowl.  It's like they know it is good for them and it is satisfying for them.

I have 4 male cats ranging in age from 4 to 19. Yes, 19. He is blind and partially deaf but the vet says he is in great physical shape as are the others. I believe this food keeps the urinary tracts healthy. I highly recommend this food for optimal health of your cats.

My two cats love Science Diet. Only problem is I wish they would have a picture of the food on the outside of the bag. There is the dry which is tan, triangle shaped and the other is a dark brown,round shape. I always end up buying the wrong bag and the cats only love one.

No question that Science Diet makes a good product.It is expensive but well worth the little extra you pay.Price is good but notice its inching up.Would recommend it.

My cat usually eats the indoor cat food mixed with the hairball control but I tried this instead of the indoor because it was cheaper.  She picks around it and won't eat it until the very end if at all.  I won't be purchasing it again.

It's about the only thing they will eat except for hills diet canned food. They prefer it to table scraps so it must be good!

Perfect

My cat who has stomach issues does just fine on this food. And that's awesome.

picky cat gobbles this down. I have to hide the bag or he tries to get into it.

Great product for my four cats. I love ordering from Amazon subscribe and save. Always cheaper then pet store or vet and even nicer heavy bag of food arrives at front door in a box. No dragging 30 pound+ bags in and out of car. With super saver shipping it is free!

I won a free bag of this cat food on their facebook site. My 2 kitty's Leo & Lucy who are 2 years old just love it. I have always fed them Science Diet & I am now going to switch to this variety. Thanks Science Diet from Leo, Lucy & their mommy!

According to the many consumer complaints, Hill's reformulated Science Diet is making a lot of cats sick. My two cats have been on Science Diet Original for 9 years with no problems. This week I opened a bag of the reformulated stuff and ended up with two sick, complaining and vomiting cats. The stuff stunk up my house and looks like kibble soaked in oil. Consumers are complaining wildly about the new formulation on the Web, but it seems Hill's could care less. In fact, when I went into my local pet supply, I was told a Hill's rep had just been in and put $5 discount stickers on the bags of Hill's Science Diet.  Bad news. Bad business.

My 3 cats are SOOOOO PICKY!! BUT!!! they really like this cat food! I bought it because my cats were all over weight and my Vet said I should get a better cat food then the regular Supermarket kibble! So for Christmas I bought this huge bag from  Amazon.. THEY LOVE IT!! All 3 of them! And our 2 &#34;Tuxedo&#34; cats who have a &#34;GAG&#34; type reflex seem to be able swallow & digest this kibble so much better! They are not throwing up at all now! Which is really amazing! And our Cute Orange stripped Tabby (Tiger) kitty loves these kibbles just as much as the other 2 cats!I really can't believe it that when we received that HUGE BAG of cat kibble in the middle of Dec. that we would be half way through it by now!! It's only mid way through January.. so there you go..our 3 cats love Hill's Science Diet Optimal Care Kibble!! They really do!

After using the prescription diet for a year we finally had the nerve to try this with our cat to see if she could tolerate it and she did! So finally we can feed her without having to go to the vet for the superexpensive food and she can stay healthy and eat happily.

I found two young female cats wondering around my neighborhood and eventually caught them, their fur was rough and dirty from malnourishment and the harsh weather. After a bath and some good science diet cat food, they're as healthy as can be! Their fur is soft and their teeth are so healthy! I also leave a bowl of science diet cat food for the other two feral cats that don't want to be caught. I will not be taking my two new kitty cats off this food, they love it to much!

My loves this food~this is our frist bag we was using the sciece dite kitten food. this adult food has not upset her tummy or anything!i would reccomend

They love it! Good for digestion and they love the small round crunchies. Love having it shipped. We all thank you!

if you think you are a good cat parent please do your own research before buying this product. this cat food contains nothing but meat-by-products and grains! this stuff will kill your cat in the long run. if you are still feeding your cat this, stop immediately and google the ingredients of science diet cat food now and see for yourself.

My cat is picky.  He also gets an upset stomach over other varieties of cat food.  However, Science diet adult optimal works best.  It was used at the shelter we bought him and he loves it and this big bag, as long as it is put in a Gallon sized tupperware type container is about half price of any pet food store.

each time I give up on the high cost and feed my cats another brand, it takes less than 2 weeks to see the difference in their coats and weight.  They eat way more of the lesser brands and they poop 80% causing litter demand to double.  They eat much less on Science Diet.  I have a personal kitty rescue ranch, no help from anywhere so must watch every penny and cut corners  every way possible.  I find this to be the ultimate food...even if it smells bad.  :)

I have fed this cat food exclusively to all my cats for the last 30 years, at least, and it is the best. My cats are and have been extremely healthy. One lived for almost 20 good years and it looks like the two I have now are going that way as well. The best thing is the PRICE! In the store it is normally $39, sometimes as low as $34. On auto-ship, my price is $27! In one year, I will save $28 to $48...over the expected long life of these little people, maybe an average of $375! Every penny counts!

I purchased this because my newest cat Chuck kept getting diarrhea with the food I was feeding my other 2 cats.  My vet suggested Hill's Science diet.  The vet prescribed Depo to clear up his diarrhea and his system got back to normal.  I have been feeding all 3 cats Hill's Science diet and they all like it and no more diarrhea.

My four cats love science diet.  They won't eat any other brand of dry cat food.  Once when the store was out I bought Ims and they wouldn't touch it.  I fed it to the homeless cats in the neighborhood.  They don't care for science diet wet food though.

I've been feeding my cat Science Diet Original for 5 years, as she is a picky eater and refuses to eat anything else. Recently, I've noticed odd behavior in both of my cats. There's been diarrhea and vomit in odd places (like the sink and under the table), they've started missing small patches of fur (usually a sign of distress), they've been drinking A LOT of water (even out of the toilet!), and they've been acting like they're starving, even though they eat all their food. I also started to notice a strange smell every time I fed the cats, but I didn't know where it was coming from. Yesterday I caught my picky eater eating dog food! I decided to inspect the cat food and noticed that the bottom of the bag was covered in mold! This was a fairly new bag, I've only had it for about a week. I started looking at reviews online and noticed people complaining that the "new and improved formula" (some sort of plastic preservative to increase the shelf-life) had been making animals extremely sick, and even resulted in some deaths! This is very upsetting, and I'm just glad I found this out before it was too late. I will be changing brands, and hopefully I can get my picky eater to agree to a new food...

Cats do very well with this food.  Have been eating this for 7 years.They don't seem to get tired of the flavor.

Saved money on the purchase (compared to a pet specialty store) and saved a trip to the out of the way location.

It was given to when I purchased my pets . the vet says they are healthy and fit. It&#34;s the dry they will eat

I've tried a few different dry foods for my cat.  From other high end foods, to the national brands, to the store brand.  My cat and I agree this is the best food I've found.  He loves the flavor and the bits have the right size and texture.  Not too big or too small, and the texture is slightly moist and oily.  It even smells more appealing to me than some of the other foods I've tried for him.The nutrition values seem to be very well balanced and complete.  My cat is indoor/outdoor, year-round he has a nice healthy coat, healthy teeth, healthy weight, never has hairballs, and is always lively and active.  His poop is always healthy too.Overall this is a great cat food that my cat loves, has complete and balanced nutrition, and is a reasonable price.  This mixed with the beef Science Diet wet food is my cat's favorite.

This food is a pretty good cat food, although I ordered the regular and not the senior light as it was not shown as being available, wish I had known that when I ordered this food as it is not the best for my senior cat.

it is a good product, it is the only food my cat eats, it is also very healthy,it is also a good buy,

Our cats seem to enjoy this food, I believe that it has made their fur really soft. But sometimes they put bits of this in their water bowl...

And three of my cats are feeling and looking much better than they did on their previous Purina cat food.

I fed this for 7 years. My cats loved the taste, but were all getting obese. It didn't dawn on me that it could be this premium food that was causing them to be so fat until I looked at a chart which compared ingredients of dry cat foods. Science Diet has nearly double the fat of most brands. I know carbs are a concern too when picking a diet for these little carnivores, but I switched (3 mos ago)to an Iams product that has meat as the primary ingredient, and less than half the fat. Another note is that the "light" cat food formulations, including Hill's, replace  fat with grains. That's simply not acceptable and can lead to obesity just as surely.The jury is still out on my cats' battle of the bulge, but it does appear that they're a bit more svelte in just this short time.

Our cats will not eat anything else. They don't yak it up and it keeps for a long time (stored reasonably).

there are other brands that have better ingredients and one in particular that my cat likes better.  Still, not a bad deal.

We &#34;adopted&#34; a cat that took up at our house during the winter.  She was painfully thin and her coat was thin and dull.  She is doing great on the Hills Science Diet which was recommended by the vet and we got set up on auto ship with Amazon.

My cat is about as fussy with food as any cat we've ever shared our home with.  He does not eat human food, doesn't like cat treats and will just stop eating if I try to change the variety of his food.  He even protests when i get a new bag of food so I have to mix it gradually into his main supply or I have a problem.  I can't get this brand locally any where near the price I get it through Prime.  Just as long as they don't change the formula, this is where I'll be buying the cat's food.

She didn't seem to like this dry food, she went for Friskies indoor delights and the seafood flavor kind, she likes the regular kind.

This is same product as in stores but it is cheaper and free 2 day with Prime - can't beat it!

Our cats fun became more soft and sleek with this food. They also had been getting spare hair, almost bald in some places. Turned out it was the diet.  This fixed the problem.

love your feline? want them healthy? buy good quality food. i bought this at the Vet at first, but now buy it online.

I have been feeding my cats this product for the past six years.  I have two cats and a big bag seems to last forever and it is always available to them, I don't ration it and they don't over eat.  It seems expensive upfront but if I went with cheaper cat food, I would probably have to buy two or three times as much, so it's cheaper in the long run.  They have beautiful coats and are very healty cats.  They don't poop much with this product either, great for the litter box also!

Our kittens happily scarfed this food down and why shouldn't they?? It smells better than any other cat food I've ever had and their behavior has gotten much better. They are less lethargic and the morsels are perfect for their developing teeth. We will most definitely continue to buy Hills Science Diet for all of our pets needs.Pros:Made without all the junkHappy Kitties=Happy Owners!!All the good stuff your cats needCons:A tad pricey but sooooo worth it!!

The cats are not particularly fond of it but their health is the greater issue. However, the reception is shaky in that it was planned around expected needs and sometimes comes late causing a monthy change in diet for  a few days. Not a good thing.

This is my cats favorite food.  It is the same price as the top box stores and it gets delivered to my front door.

This is the same food I get from the fancy pet stores, except I spend less and it comes to my door!

Got this for our slightly overweight 5-yr old cat and our bordering-on overweight 9-mo old kitten.  I will be looking into a weight control one next, but it's been great - my 5yo has no teeth and she throws these kibbles down no problems, though :)

I have an old Kitty who has lost half her teeth but she insists on chomping away at this formula.

My cat loves this food He is very finicky! I have used this product for several years, and will continue.

Amazon.com had a great sale on this stuff and this is what I feed my pets.  So far they haven't gotten sick and it appears to be the true stuff and not a fake replacement.  The online sale was good, but I bought each one separately to get the $5 off.  When I tried to buy two at one time the sale $5 only showed up for one.  So keep this in mind for this and other items on amazon.com

While I can't attest to the long term affects of this food (i.e. whether it makes cats fat), I do know that a cat's natural diet does not consists of only grain, as is the main ingredient in most dry cat food. (Imagine if all you and I ate were chips!) Because of this, I also feed my cats meaty canned food as well. I guess my point is that to avoid pet obesity, pets should have a well balanced diet just like the rest of us, and you can't hold the manufacturers of dry food responsible for that fact. Otherwise, it would be like blaming McDonalds for making you fat, don't you think?Anyway, what I DO know is that my cats love this dry food so much that they would actually rather have that then the meaty wet food. I know this because when I switched to Hill's Science Diet, my cats quit finishing the wet food that I set out for them. In fact, because of this, I'm probably going to pay more attention to the suggested serving sizes printed on bag, as opposed to just keeping their dishes full. Everything in moderation, right?The only reason I gave this product 4 starts instead of 5 is because of the abnormally high price. I'm willing to pay the extra for my little kitties, but that doesn't mean I have to be happy about it.So all in all, I highly recommend this product. Just remember to use it as part of a balanced diet.

My kittens like the taste and it seems to do nice things to their fur, it's also possible their poop isn't as strong smelling, though I was using a good cat food before I tried this one as well so it's not as noticeable a difference.

We buy this from Amazon because it's cheaper than our local big box pet store that rhymes with Let-Go, and also because it shows up at the doorstep with only a click (and a debit to my bank account).  I even tried it myself; as cat food goes, I've had worse!

I was worried that with a food that is supposed to be good for my cat that he wouldn't want to eat it. He loved it! I highly recommend it.

