We were quoted 15 times the amount of the battery to replace the UPS - what a deal. OEM replacement is the best way to go.

was very easy to do..I am a 72 year old woman and I did it!!!!I am glad that it was so easy.

Although it lists as compatible with the BK650MC it is not. It is slightly over 1/2 the size of the stock battery and will not allow the compartment door to close due to the lead positions. It is also NOT returnable so I had to contact Amazon to get a refund.

A new battery is far cheaper than replacing the whole battery backup. The terminals were smaller than on the original battery, but that is easily fixed with a pair of pliers.

I have many APC UPS units in my home. I buy a lot of replacement cartridges. This one seems to work fine.

I've used APC products for many years, and in spite of the relatively high price compared to other brands like Tripp Lite, Belkin, etc., I've always been pleased with APC's level of quality.  This particular purchase is my second "refill" for a long-lasting BP-500CLR that's gone way past its warranty period and keeps on tickin'.  Though I like Tripp Lite's products in general, their batteries haven't lasted as long as APC's.

Great replacement and free return for old battery. Love it!! Painless recycling of old battery. Perfect fit of new battery.

Here is the main reason to buy this genuine APC replacement rather than the knock off:  the new battery comes with instructions for printing a free UPS label so you can recycle your old APC battery.  It costs a little more money to be green, but we only have one planet.  I can't say yet whether there are other benefits (i.e., whether the genuine battery will last longer or work better than a knock off brand), but mine has worked fine so far.  And the Amazon price is far better than APC's.  As for those that received seemingly refurbished batteries rather than new ones, that wasn't my experience.  Mine seemed new.

I replaced the battery in my UPS with this new battery.  The battery charged and the UPS alarm reset and the UPS works flawlessly now.

Not much to say. I put this cartridge into my APC back-up, charged it, connected it to my equipment and all is well. Can't tell about longevity yet.

The APC battery is an exact replacement though sadly its made in Vietnam of all places! Personally if Amazon put the country of origin in its product description I would have looked elsewhere bu then maybe thats why they DONT put it in the description!

APC cheaped it out on their free spent battery return. they used to include a postage paid mailer and you used the same box the new battery came in. nice touch. made the premium price they charge worth it. not so much now.

Exact replacement.

I installed this battery and within a month the APC Powerchute software indicated that the battery has less than one minute of back-up time.  There is only one computer and one lcd monitor connected to the back-up and the computer is a newer high-efficiency 400W system.

APC RBC2 Replacement Battery , I actually received a knockoff of this battery. That was not what I thought I was purchasing. This is not a company that I would do business with anytime again.

The installation was a breeze, and my old UPS is working well with the new battery. There were no problems with fit or anything else.

When you pull off the label that the distributor uses the original sticker reveals that the battery is only rated at 7.5A. At this price (priced similarly to others rated at 9A) it should be rated at 9A. Also, it is NOT manufactured by APC as the description on Amazon suggests... You will be better served by buying directly from APC. Be warned also that you cannot return a battery to AMAZON for any reason...whether the mistake was theirs or yours, or you ordered the wrong item, etc. No returns period.

We have 19 computers (17 workstations and 2 servers). All of them are connected to APC battery backup units. I will not jeopardize our computers (or the routers, firewall or switches) by using some cheap, low-quality knock-off battery in any of them. I will pay a little more for the genuine article that is guaranteed to fit and work in our UPS's and not put our equipment and company at risk. I figure the time I save not having to make a battery fit like it should is enough to warrant the small extra cost. Add to that the peace of mind I get knowing I am getting a quality, guaranteed genuine article is more than worth the extra cost.

Easy to install, works good. Much cheaper that APC batteries. I installed it 6 months ago, and it's still working good. I do have a light load on my APC, but I've had no issues with this battery.

No problems. Tabs are a little tight to connect and disconnect, but that is probably good. It included a label for free recycling of the old one, which is important because it's a lead battery.

We use a number of APC UPS systems and have been happy with them all. Like any UPS, eventually you need to replace the batteries. Ordered the battery from Amazon due to price and free shipping (batteries are heavy). The battery is easy to replace and comes with a link to a free recycling program (they pay for a shipping label to return the dead battery).Much cheaper than replacing the entire unit.

I received the APC replacement battery today.  The internal package had been resealed. The battery label is loose and the plastic case shows scratches and abrasions as if had been used. I'm not sure if it is worth the trouble to test it in the UPS.

I have an older UPS that uses this battery. Price was lowest I could find for a OEM battery and both the UPS and battery work for me.

Better to buy replacement batteries for the APC, than replace the APC.  Where we connect to the power supply, we need plenty of protection for unexpected power outages and spikes.  The battery between the connection from outside and the equipment inside should provide an immediate protection.

20 words long, and whys the rum gone...........oh yes this replacement battery came to me quickly, was very professional with sales person, thanks so much, and now no more horrendous beeping every five minutes, rum..........anyway it says 100 percent on my upper bar, hm never mind, and the power actually went out because we were struck by a vicious squall, and it worked, computer stayed on, and monitor, mouse, and keyboard, and I was able to shut down safely after a few force quits on my mac. It would not shut down and that just helped it to shut down before I lost battery power, I got down to about 86 percent then shut off computer.So, thank you so much for the blessed non beeping replacement, I'm consuming less rum and all is fine! no really all silliness behind,great product for the APC Back up ES 500. Very good product and service here.So Thank you from Captain Sparrow..............zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz................

Still haven't had to use it but I tested by unplugging and things stayed up! Works as expected so far.

The Seller sent me a dead battery. I tried it in several of my APC units and it just does nto workWhy does Amazon allow this Seller to continue to sell on AmazaonSure it looks like an APC battery but it is dead. Oh and before you ask, yes, I tried for weeks to charge this so called new battery.

This unit works great as expected. You will have a hard time finding one at a better price than this.

Can get batteries from other companies cheaper but I decided to get replacement batteries branded by APC in the hope that they will provide many years of service just like the original batteries that came with the unit did.

Not much to say about a battery, it does or doesn't fit or work, this does both.  I can't give a battery 5 stars since it's really a Boolean thing for me if it charges, fits, and holds a charge, then it works.

As Advetised, my APC backup was from my sister who died, I have no infomation on how old the unit was, it kept on beeping,this battery has not beeped once,except on power outage....

I purchased this because several reviews said that this comes with a prepaid label to dispose of the old battery. It does not. If I had known that, I would have paid a couple extra dollars and bought an original equipment battery from APC rather than this third-party knockoff.

Only a week after I bought this replacement battery, the power went out while my daughter was working on an important homework assignment that was due the next day.  The battery backup kicked in and she was able to finish the assignment, print it off, and shut down the computer safely while the rest of the house was dark!

Not much to say, I removed the old battery, installed the new battery, plugged the unit to the wall for a couple of hours, then moved it back to the location where the PC was to put a real load on it. My power is so stable here I only need a few seconds of UPS time to live through the average brownout/blackout.If you lose power regularly you are better off charging the battery for 8 hours before putting a load on the UPS.

Fit perfect in my APC 200 back-up.  No modification needed.  We'll see how long it lasts.  Plan on getting 5 years, but anything over 3 years is worth what I paid.

We needed a replacement battery for a UPS, looked up the model, found this online.  Replacement was very easy and it has been working fine, no problems.

I had bought this battery for my user-replaceable APC brand of UPS.The battery did not last very long at all - my best guess is that these batteries do not move as quickly as others and that they may not be fresh when obtained.I have since had much, much better results by using the services of one of the many large online battery companies that offer "SLA" ("sealed lead acid") batteries. Most of these companies now offer an interactive display where one will enter in the model number of APC brand UPS that they have and the correct battery replacement will be suggested.

This battery fit perfect.  I purchased it to replace a UPS battery that lasted 2 years.  It was easy to install and charged up quickly.  I hope it lasts.

I ignored replacing the old battery for an extended period of time so when I tried to remove it I had considerable trouble. I ended up using a screwdriver to penetrate the top and pry the old battery out. Lesson: Remove old battery when system tells you do!

I had a Black and Decker electric lawnmower. No cords. Just a battery and this is it. The original battery was like $100 or something. This was much cheaper and only 10% weaker. No biggie on small lawns. Is a problem on larger ones and a much bigger problem on wet large lawns, which is why I dumped it and got a Sears mower that increased my carbon footprint, but is a breeze on large lawns. If you're in California, where it's increasingly hard to mow your lawn with anti-pollution laws and you have a Black and Decker lawnmower, then this likely will fit. Just look at the description. They are easy to pull apart, vacuum the leaves out and assemble in reverse. Likely will last two years, maybe three before you will need to replace. But so worth it. Otherwise can pay $$$ to have Black and Decker to do it for you. Not necessary.

If you REALLY want to save money when it comes time to change your APC battery, look at a non-name brand battery. It is the very same thing and a much reduced price. I have done this many times for many computer systemsand have NEVER been let down! Purchase and use with absolute confidence.

Much better than having to buy a new UPS.  The battery was charged to 80% out of the box and it's a matter of plugging in two contacts.  Done.  I did think they were going to send a way to send the dead battery back, but maybe I just read that wrong.

Its just fine - it is the correct replacement battery branded by the UPS manufacturer.It comes with a pre-paid UPS label to return the old battery for recycling (I don't know if it is a legal requirement for the vendor to do this, but, since it is a lead battery, recycling it is a priority, so this is very convenient).And it has worked for about six weeks now without any problems.

The description clearly shows that this is an APC battery but what was shipped is NOT APC. This is highly misleading. Do not buy!

i dragged my feet on replacing the original batteries in my UPS.  If i would have know it was going to be this cheap and this easy i would have done it a year ago.

I got this because it came up in my search for an RBC33 for some reason.  They ought to check the keywords out in the listing to make sure it does not have keyword spamming.  Im sure if I wanted an RBC2 this would have done it for me.

So far so good...The date code on the battery I got is: Week 19 of '12 .  This is below my cutoff of one year before I consider lead batteries too old.My last battery I just took out had a date code of 9 months old and it end up lasting 8 years.  Even then it isn't all they way gone; it still works for a considerable time at lower load from just the routers and modem being turned on, but turn the pc on and the low battery warning sounds. (which indicates resistance build up in the old battery) So this was a good time to catch it before it gets so bad that the battery doesn't work at all.Now I swear by these older late 90's model Apc ups's as they don't kill batteries as fast.  New ones have a higher float voltage or something.

I ordered this battery believing it would be cheaper than buying a whole new UPS. If it had worked correctly it would have been but it is DOA out of the box. I replaced the old battery with this one, let it charge overnight and now when turning the UPS on, it still says replace battery. And I can't return it due to the return policy which is BS...you can ship the device but you can't take a return.

The picture and description clearly say APC branded. What arrives is not APC branded. I'll have to see how long it lasts, but my experience with non-APC brands is not good.

While I can't speak to the relative qualities, be aware that while this product is made by APC (American Power Corporation), the manufacturer of the UPS, there are batteries out there made by ABC (American Battery Corporation) that appear appealing because they cost less and the logos are extremely similar!This product is the exact APC-recommended replacement product for your UPS.

Did not work right, held charge for 2 days. Junk. I would have expected a little more from it. Would not recommend, would give no stars if I could.

INSTALLED IT & WORKED FINE.  A LOT LESS EXPENSIVE THAN GOING TO BATTERY SHOP FOR SAME ITEM. VERY SATISFIED. GOOD

This is the third battery in my UPS.  It works as expected.  APC has a recycle program that you print the shipping label and the old battery is returned with the postage paid by APC.  That works great also.

This was an exact OEM replacement for a great price. Installed easy and works great. Cost was less than APC site.

This battery is a bit high priced compared to competitors, but I needed it shipped same day, so I bought from amazon.  Working fine.

I purchased several of these to replace batteries in my APC UPS units. The battery holds up just fine, but I had to take some time to tape the connectors on, because they're too small to be securely held by APCs wires. This is not a perfect replacement for an RBC-2.

The battery is fine despite the poor packaging for shipment and represents a decently priced replacement for my UPS. The battery was loose in a thin walled box with both of it's terminal protectors rattling loose in the box. The box was in an oversized mailing bag, which was dutifully stuffed in my mailbox. A bit of bubblewrap would have helped. Thus far the battery is okay.

The APC RBC2 replacement battery was exactly as ordered and works well, but the shipping method was substandard.  The battery was sent in a cardboard box inside a USPS envelope.  There was no packing material to protect the battery either in the box or in the envelope.  I was just lucky that the battery was undamaged and had not leaked, which could have caused injuries or environmental problems.

I am writing as a word to those like me who have to replace their APC UPS batteries.  I have a BACKUPS-XS1500 LCD uninteruptable power supply and recently needed to replace the batteries.  I didn't realize until I pulled out the APC batteries and realized there was a brand name below the white APC label that APC had slapped over the sides of the batteries, in essence putting their name on someone else's battery products.  Mine was a company named Vision.  Based on research, I discovered that APC utilizes a variety of battery manufacturers and slapped their labels on them and charges a premium.  With that being said, it is not necessary to buy an APC labeled battery for your UPS.  Find a name brand that you are comfortable with that fits the specifications of your battery.  You can, like I did, pull the label off and see who the true manufacturer is and the specifications.  In my case, I have a dual battery, meaning I have to buy two individual 12 Volt batteries and put them together into my UPS.So it is not necessary to pay a premium for a APC labeled battery, just go with a reasonably priced option that has a name brand and good reviews and you will be fine.

This is the second replacement battery I've purchased for my SmartUps SC 420.  The first battery lasted about two years, the replacement about the same, so I'm expecting about two years out of this one.  Always been very happy with the battery replacements and a much cheaper alternative to replacing the whole UPS.

Perfect fit replacement battery & got rid of the old low battery beep. Got here 2 days early and was easy to install.

So far so good. Have not had any problems.  Good replacement.  Easy installation its been about 4 months and everything has worked fine.

Great Products, fast shipping, and highly recommended. It fitted right into my back up unit and run well. I will come back for more shopping on this product.

My mistake was not opening the package and testing the battery upon arrival.  The thirty days return policy was long over by the time I used this battery, so I have no one but myself to blame.  Completely dead battery.  Will not take a charge.  Waste of money.  Might not be the smartest move to buy a battery online since its so difficult to mail it back.  Learn from my mistake.  Go to a store.

I've had a few of this replacement battery over the years with them lasting at least 2 years, but the most recent one I purchased thru Amazon in November no longer holds an adequate charge. APC rates the battery of having a life of 2-3 years, this one barely lasted 6 months. From my experience and other reviews on this model, APC may be having quality control issues.

I was concerned that these would be old or discharged, but they arrived apparently fully charged. I was impressed. The seller I bought from is listed as two names depending on where you look: eComElectronics / Replace UPS Battery.If you use a different seller, your battery may be a different age or condition.

inserted RBC into my APC cs 350, and it restored my back up. works fine . expect it to be ok for a year or more

I had just had a conversation with a friend remarking how long this battery had lasted when it failed: at least 5 years, maybe 6-7.  I thought about buying a new unit, but this seemed like such a much cheaper deal that it would be worth it.  The new battery snapped into place and I used the enclosed postage sticker to send the old one back for recycling.  It was a snap.  This is the real value of the APC equipment: it lasts a long time.

I ordered this to replace the battery in my APC Back-UPS ES 500.  Unfortunately, this item stopped holding a charge after 3 months, even though the expected battery life is 3 to 5 years.  Also, Amazon cannot accept returns on such "hazardous" items as these, so it looks like I am plumb out of luck.

Quick and easy change-out of old battery, exactly per the instructions.  Works great!  Also came with recycling instructions to get rid of the old battery.

The battery restored an unit that had lasted 6 years since purchase. If it give me 2or3 more thats money in my pocket.

Upon inspection of this battery out of the box, it was obvious that it is a reconditioned battery.  There are many scuff marks on the sides and especially the bottom.  The plastic feet on the bottom are worn.  There is no date of manufacture.  I set the old five-year-old battery from my UPS beside the one that I received from Amazon today and the casing of the old battery is in better condition than the "new" one.  If Amazon sells a product, I assume that it is new unless stated otherwise.  Considering the cost of returning this item, I am stuck with a less-than-acceptable product.  If you decide to buy this item from Amazon, you should inspect it carefully when you first receive it.  And let Amazon know that you are not happy if you receive a product that does not meet their standards.

Fine vendor, service, delivery.Would have been just a bit better had they put in some basic recycling instructions for the old (no return service was purchased) but that is just pure opinion.

Works perfectly in my APC ES550.  I bought a second batter for another of the same, and it works great too.  A big discount over the brand-name replacement battery.

The battery was DOA.  I have &lt; 1 min of runtime when my last new battery was ~10 mins after a full night's charge.  I was suspect when the battery was shipped with the battery in an open APC box...packaged inside another box.  Dissappointed.

I had been thinking of replacing the original unit.  Learned of battery replacement option.  Received in less than a week.  Easy to install.  And free return of old battery for recycling an added bonus.

This is the third strike for APC in my book.  Their equipment has now failed me three times.  Three different models over the years have worked fine until the batteries were expended, then I buy replacements and the unit is trashed.  With the higher end XS900 I assumed it would be fine with the replacements, but the charging circuit is not working.  Batteries have been test and they are fine so I'm assuming APC designs products that won't survive the death of the first set of batteries. So these two new batteries go in the pile of perfectly functional batteries that have nothing to go in.I've learned my lesson and will try another brand of UPS.  This product (the battery) works fine for me, but I'm scoring low to warn folks to think twice about flushing money down the toilet if they aren't sure that the unit will work with new batteries.  I'm off the cycle of replacing the hardware and strongly recommend you skip the replacements and go buy another brand.

You never want to replace a battery with just any one looking the same.  When you depend upon your computer system as we do, only the right one will do.  We have had APC for years and relied on it to give us the time to save out 'stuff' when the power goes out!  The availability and price tag at Amazon always please us as does the operability of APC products.

I bought two of these to replace aging battery cartridges that were no longer holding a charge.  Each original was over 3 years old.  The nice thing about this unit is that it comes with a prepaid return label so that the old cartridge can be recycled at no cost to the buyer.However, if you'd like to save some money, you can consider generic units.  I found that the "Batteries Plus" chain stores will also accept spent batteries (and entire UPS systems) for recycling at no charge.

Quality has gone down in recent years, I used to get between 3 and 4 years and now I have to replace every two years.

I recently purchased 2 RBC2 batteries for 2 APC UPS that finally went bad. One appears to work fine, so no complaints about that. The other went bad within 2 weeks... (WOW!!! if there is not a bad omen for the number '2'!!).When they both came out of the box, they appeared to be either old (ie., sitting around for a while), or a refurbished item. OH BY THE WAY!!! something you will need to know. The batteries are non-returnable item, so if you are sent a bad battery, you're stuck with it.I would recommend dealing with APC directly and bite the bullet on the S/H.

I purchased this "name brand" battery rather than a generic equivalent because I was led to beleive that return postage was prepaid to recycle the old battery. When I received my battery, there was no prepaid sticker for the shipping box, but rather there was mention of a website for further instructions. The website had a message indicating that they no longer handle these types of batteries, but to return the battery to a local recycling center for automotive batteries. Before I spend another 5 bucks in gas to drive this battery somewhere, I think this bad boy will be hitting the trash can. I own several more APC UPS's, but the next time I need a battery replacement, I'll go with a much cheaper alternative than APC. (bait and switch??)

Good original manufacturer's battery with APC expected quality and longevity.Cheapest price around.Fast and inexpensive shipping.

Easy to replace. It is too early to comment about the service this one has provided. It is performing as expected. Ask me about it again in a couple of years and I'm likely to give it more stars. When I install I mark the date when put into service. The one I replaced was over five years old.

Received the battery from seller fine.  Battery work, but was dissappointed.  Was thinking I was getting an OEM battery made by APC, but got an aftermarket battery.  No where in the description states that the battery was an aftermarket.  Thought that was misleading.

It's a battery, what more can I say. We needed a replacement battery for an APC UPS. This one was the correct replacement part. It works exactly as I would expect.

I received the battery on time and it is exactly the one I needed. Within 5 minutes I had my APC Back-UPS back on line protecting my computer equipment. Now I feel better!

Exact replacement for the original battery.  I know several other folks mentioned that their battery appeared used and/or old, but the one I received appears brand new and its form/fit/finish is just like OEM. The only reason not to rate a 5 is that it came with only minimal charge on it - which is not a show-killer but it is unusual.

The delivery was very fast and the cost of shipping was very reasonable. Impressed with the quality of the battery. It certainly reflected the quality of the original battery.

Fast delivery, everything as expected. Works fine. No recycle option for old battery, but I think I can recharge it. Can't get better than that.

Its much cheaper to just replace the battery instead of the entire UPS. This battery worked perfect, like getting a brand new UPS

I needed to replace a failed battery in a Back-UPS 500 and this was the ticket. I was concerned with buying knock off battery and having it fail quickly, so I spent a few extra bucks for the APC unit. It's been fine for several months now and I hope to get a few years life out of it.

My APC back up unit started to chirp and then shut down.  Checked online and saw that it was a dying battery.  Went to their site for a replacement battery and was kinda surprised at the cost.  Then I saw this one on Amazon and the positive reviews so I ordered one.  Good price and free shipping.  It arrived quickly and was a perfect replacement for my unit. Very happy to have everything back to normal at a good price

Works fine. I always use APC replacement batteries and they have not let me down since. The price is decent too.

I got two of these, one for my computer UPS, and one for a camera light. If they have a good service life, I'll continue to be happy with them.

Being an IT guy, with hundreds of users, all with APC branded UPS units I find it much easier to replace the batteries every five years or so.I had a couple of units at home that needed batteries, and I found that Amazon had the same batteries that APC offers for less money and free shipping.Get these to fix up your old UPS.  Investing in these will save you lots when compared to buying a new UPS.

I got this battery to go into my 10-year-old CS500, aka BK500.  The old battery, though it could light a test light, made the red "replace battery" light come on whenever I turned the unit on.  This happened after an outage where I just ran the pack dry.This new one went right in, and no more light.  I use this lower-wattage APC UPS for my DVR, as it can't supply my high-end gaming computer (I have an APC XS1500 for that).

This was a lot cheaper than buying a new UPS.  I plugged it into the UPS, slipped it in, and everything worked.  No problems at all.

Bought this to replace a battery in one of our battery backups for our computer at our work.  Worked perfectly!

it is the APC battery, which I feel more comfortable with. ease of use? well, you have to put it in, so only 4 stars instead of 5, if it put itself in it would get 5

I replaced my 6+ years old original battery in APC CS 500. Replacement is a breeze.The package also comes with a pre-paid UPS label to ship your old battery back. Put the new one in your APC UPS taking the old battery out. Put the old battery in the box the new one came in, seal it, affix the pre-paid UPS label on the sealed box, and drop that in to any UPS boxes around. You are done!

I just received an APC RBC2 battery (not purchased from Amazon), and I found that, instead of an "ARS" label with pre-paid freight to the recycle depot, APC is providing a "recycling guide"; a sheet that tells how to dispose of the battery properly. The APC part is now distinguished from generic batteries by the included installation instructions, the safety insulator on the positive post, and the attached pull tabs that facilitate removal.

Normally, when the battery fails in a small back-up power supply it is not economically advantageous to replace it -- so the entire power supply becomes "trash".  Moreover, off-brand replacement batteries are frequently not good quality.  Amazon sells the correct OEM replacement battery for the APC back-up power supply at a price (including shipping) low enough to make battery replacement worthwhile.  This is good for consumers, good for the equipment we own, and good for the environment.  Thanks.

I somehow added the wrong battery to my cart, and since it's hazardous cannot return it.The one I received was in great condition, and will work with my other Back-UPS (it didn't need a new battery, but I guess I got one now..) These are really easy to swap in and out, so you don't have to buy a whole new unit.

I used Amazon's search engine to find which battery to use for an ES BE500 APC UPS. This is the one that they specified. It is not the right model and they won't take it back because it is a hazardous material. Triple check to make sure that you are getting the right model for you UPS; an R, G, or other suffix letter makes a difference.

Works as well as you can expect a replacement battery to work. My UPS doesn't beep and chirp like it used to when I had the old battery in there.  Last one was good for 4 years.

I ordered one battery to see if it would be up to snuff for two other UPSs that all had the batteries die around the same time. Installed it last night without a hitch. Thinking I'll give it a month and update this review with my findings. I received a genuine APC battery in their original packaging. Not sure why anyone would not return a product if it doesn't perfectly match the product page but instead give the legit product a bad review.

Bought this to replace the battery in my APC power supply. Arrived quickly and fit perfectly. Quality is a 5, price is a 3. Not sure why this is so much more than other batteries of this type but I guess I didn't want to take a chance on an aftermarket battery. Although they are probably all pretty much the same.Note for other users: My PC started to shut down every time my HP printer kicked on. After much research I found out the printer was on the same circuit as my PC/Power supply setup and every time the printer kicked on the amp draw was enough to shut down the PC (printer was not on the power supply) I have since put the printer on another outlet and circuit. Go figure,

Excellent replacement battery.  Easy to install.  Fast shipping.  Can drop off old battery at Staples for recycling.

I have an old APC UPS that uses this battery, and every 2-3 years, the battery dies.  I always replace it with a genuine APC battery because then I get free mail-in recycling.  I wouldn't know what to do with my old battery otherwise.One way you can tell if it's genuine APC is if it includes instructions on how to send the battery back to APC for recycling.  I purchased my batter from "Amazon.com LLC", and it is genuine.  I removed the old battery and put the new one in, and my UPS works great now.  I expect it to last another 2-3 years.

Ordered as second replacement for my UPS (they tend to last just a few years).Item arrived as advertised and works better/lasts longer than the original.Great review for both item and vendor.

1. I visited the APC website to be sure I was ordering the right battery for the UPS.2. I came back to Amazon because it was cheaper, and, hey, I have Amazon Prime.3. This battery revived my UPS.4. This is not testimony as to longevity, just to the fact it arrived fast, plugged right in, and on the second day works fine

Great replacement works as advertised and arrived on time and at a great savings in money as well I know exactly where my next replacement UPS  battery is coming from..... well done

The picture shows an authentic APC battery. What was received was a BTI battery.Coincidently, the APC UPS failed 2 weeks after this battery was used.Note: I have used BTI batteries before, without this result. Otherwise, I would not have used this battery.I would like to see a picture of what will be received when choosing my seller.Note: Note: this is not my first feedback on this purchase or to the seller.

