This is awesome.  It tastes like the fake marshmallows they put in immoral breakfast cereal, but instead of just tasting like sugar it tastes like fat as well.  I can't believe I never tried this stuff until now, but I am definitely going to keep a stack of these in my desk.Disclosure:1. Your block of "ice cream" WILL be broken into a bunch of smaller chunks.  It is so brittle that they probably all end up like that (this was the first one I ate, but one reason I passed on this stuff so many times is because I could tell by picking up the package that they were always broken).2. Partly for the above reason, astronauts don't actually eat this stuff any more.  Wikipedia says it was used on one mission and was found to be inconvenient.  Also, they have a freezer on the space station and just eat real ice cream.In spite of those facts, this stuff is delicious.

I bought this as a present for some friends and family members for a Christmas present. They loved it! It is fun for someone who has never tried it and a treat to those who have. It was very well packed and came very quickly. There is not very much in a pack, but still the same amount as anywhere else it is sold and better priced than the other places you can buy it at, such as the science center.

I recently went to the Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC with my fiancee, sister-in-law and two nieces. Despite all the cool things to see in the museum, the girls could not stop raving about the &#34;space ice cream.&#34; DC is a bit of a hike from NY/NJ, so I needed to find an alternative solution to their demands for more space dessert. With Amazon Prime, a massive box of the novelty ice-cream delivered to my door in a matter of days.The quality is the same as what you would buy at the Air and Space Museum and it's a great treat for the kids. Highly recommend

I bought this for the nostalgia of having it as a kid.. its really not as good as i remembered it to be, and spent majority of the 10 giving it away to friends. :/

I ordered the ten pack to share with my pre schoolers for our space theme. I was so excited whe i got the email saying it had been delivered. However, when i opened the package i only got one pack. I am so upset over this. We called amazon and they said there is nothing they can do about it. My account was credited but they couldnt send me the remaining 9 packs. It should be interesting trying to split a single pack between 16 five year olds.

I got the 10 pack 'cause I thought I would pass them out as gift ideas. I loved eating these when I was in my teens. So I gave about 8 of them away and watched them eat it. Most folks were pleasantly surprised. A couple not so much, but that was a bonus for me 'cause they gave theirs back to me. There may have been an ulterior motive there.If I become one of those survivalist prepper freaks, I'm going to load up on cases of this ice cream. Not only is it food; I bet it would serve well as wall insulation if it starts getting chilly after the zombies start attacking.

I bought these as party gifts for my son's birthday party. Despite the fact that they came in a cardboard box with bubble wrap inside, all 10 packets were crushed into tiny pieces....not chunks, shards! I'm going to be very embarrassed giving these out and now have to go and spend more money to purchase new goody bag gifts.

This astronaut ice cream is the best brand. It has the best flavor and the ice cream is so creamy and smooth. We love it at my house and now are fighting over who gets the last bag!

Best freeze dried ice cream EVER! Growing up in Houston this brings me back to all those field trips to NASA! This is the perfect treat for my 2 year old that I use sparingly in extra special occasions (airplane rides, church , etc. )

These bring back the memories of science museum field trips. They may come broken into pieces in their individually wrapped bags but still taste awesome!

Its a great snack for icecream lovers who have teeth sensitve to cold.All the flavor u want and no mater how much or fast u eat no brain frezze.I found it best when its cold out side i can still have my icecream and not fell like im frezzing.Its a great value price /per product. And has a long shelf life making it a good survival snack.

I got a sample of this stuff at a function for my job. I was hesitant to try it but once you take a nibble you wont be able to stop. The texture is amazing, it goes from crunchy and crisp to soft and melty in a matter of seconds. I'm now ready to order my first multi pack and have it auto delivered every couple of months(Maybe). I recommend this product to people of all ages

This was my first time buying this stuff. Was awesome! Shipping was fast. Only down side was that the ice cream is a small portion. Next time I will have to buy a bulk of it, 10 doesnt do it.

The individual packages contain a 0.7 oz. block of ice cream, making it $3.14 per oz.  The stuff is fun and tasty, but definitely a once-only treat!

Great product and great timing of delivery. My kid loves this stuff and knowing it's what the astronauts eat makes all the more fun.

The astronaut ice cream was broken up into not-too-small bite size chunks, melts in your mouth, and was fresh and delicious!  The expiration date was about 2 yrs ahead.  At 120 calories and 6g of fat, this treat is pretty good for the calorie-conscious too (?) Another reviewer commented that there were slits in the inner paper packaging and threw out the product - the slits are to facilitate the freeze drying process as mentioned on the wrapper...  Bulk purchase keeps the price lower than at the museum.  Plan to buy more when I eat this batch up!

I wanted something appropriate for a space-themed raffle prize and this filled the bill nicely.  The shipping took a bit longer than I expected but it arrived in time and considering that the East Coast was still recovering from Hurricane Sandy, the seller did quite well.I never did see who won the raffle prize so I have no feedback on this particular batch, but I've had freeze-dried ice cream before and loved it so I'm betting it went over well. It felt like the "bricks" inside the pouches were broken but they always are so that wasn't an issue.  Someday I will order this again and eat it all myself.

Neapolitan is, as far as I'm concerned, a useless flavor of ice cream. Oddly enough, I like it best of all flavors of Astronaut Ice cream.  Each of the three flavors has its own unique appeal and the three together make a good very combination.  I like the smooth textures more than any of the flavors that have crunchy or chewy bits added to them although in real ice cream the only ones I really like are Ben and Jerry's which I refer to as cookies (or candy) in cream sauce.  Still, food is such an individual thing that writing a meaningful review is difficult. I've met people who absolutely cannot stand any of the freeze dried ice cream flavors and I am an unusual person; I don't like ice cream for the most part.

I bought these for a lightweight backpacking snack. From what I remembered as a kid they are very tasty, and I was not disappointed! I've read other reviews complain about they come broken apart - but that's normal/acceptable - it in no way effects the quality of this product. The packaging of this is bulky - almost 0.4oz per! Luckily this product stays fresh in just a ziplock bag for at least a week. I put most of these in a gallon ziplock and saved several ounces in weight over ditching the stock packaging material. Gave some to my son and he loved them as well - they make a great/unique gift to kids.

I love that you can buy this product in bulk which allows for the product to be cheaper overall! It is a delicious snack!

Astronaut ice cream is awesome! This is my favorite flavor so far. It has a unique blend of creamy freeze dried consistency with a variety of flavors across the rectangular block. If you've never tried it before, this would be a good flavor for you to try since there is strawberry, vanilla, and chocolate sections. If you don't like one flavor, just eat what you like.

I love this stuff. I have a hard time not eating one right after the other! They're different, but I really enjoy them!!! :)

Packing was efficient, and the product arrived promptly and in great shape. This product makes a great birthday party favors~! Kid's also love getting this as a gift. Very novel!

Yummy. We gobbled it right up. Only issue is the unit price. The portions are so small, yet it's so expensive. Is this stuff really that expensive to make? That it's like $12 a lb.

the ice cream was actually a good addition to my son's goodie bags. Even though it was expensive, I believe it was worth it. It was a different item kids would never get at a party. The ice cream itself came well wrapped and sealed. I thought it would be crumbled but it was in good conditions. I personally don't think this tastes good but the kids love it.

i have been eating this stuff since i was a kid and i am in love with it.  it is soooo good and pretty cheap when you buy it on amazon.

I am addicted to this stuff. This seller has the best price I've found and ships quickly. Definitely cheaper to buy it in a 10 pack, especially since it goes so fast.

All the kids and myself Love these! Taste just like Ice Cream we eat normally! Worth the price and i am happy with the product and the purchasing/shipping! No complaints!

This stuff really takes me back to elementary school when I was obsessed with wanting to go to Space Camp.  This stuff is SO GOOD!

I got Mint Chocolate Chip flavor along with these, and not being a strawberry fan I was willing to part with a few of them.  I didn't know everybody loved these things as much as I did, because when the entire pack of 10 was gone I had only eaten 2 of them myself.  Still worth it, since this isn't a very common treat for people to just have around.

Don't ask why but I have made it a personal quest to find the best brand of astronaut ice cream and this is the one. It's creamier than others and not as sickeningly sweet. Yum.

I had Astronaut Ice Cream when I was in 3rd grade, a student brought it in for show-and-tell. Recently a friend reminded me of this and I had to find some. Amazing, once the saliva touches this, it immediately tastes like ice cream!

Timeless snack that reminds me of when I was a kid going to the museum. It's fun to find out how many people have never tried this and it is great fun at the office

This was a fun and favorite product.  It got passed around to a few people to try and everyone enjoyed it.

Don't expect the usual brick of astronaut ice cream. All were broken upon arrival.  I chose not to return them as they are still edible.

It tastes great, but I gotta wonder if the Amazon.com distributors took a sledgehammer to it before putting it in the boxes to ship it (or maybe they don't know how to ship stuff).  It's a shame, given how hard this is to get in stores.

I discovered these things when at a museum in New York a while ago and wasn't able to find them anywhere else but amazon. Not only are these cheaper but they come fast! If you are unfamiliar with this product it is basically a freeze dried ice cream (ice cream that will never melt and is completely solid). It melts in your mouth and the taste is heavenly, I would recommend it to anyone who is thinking of trying this. You won't regret it!!!

I love this stuff. I feel like I can conquer anything after eating. I used to eat this as a kid at the space museum, and just about every other museum, which is the only retail store for it.

Fast shipping and a good price. My husband loves this stuff from his childhood so I bought it for him as a gift.

brought back my memory...can't believe they still sell this item nowadays. does people still buy this kind of stuff?

If you've ever had freeze dried ice cream before, this is the stuff. The size of each treat isn't very large, but definitely enough to enjoy. Each bar is individually wrapped. It is also lots of fun to give to anyone who hasn't had it before.If you don't know what freeze dried ice cream is, it is pretty straight forward. All of the water is removed from normal ice cream in a special way. First the ice cream is kept frozen while a vacuum is applied to it. The vacuum causes water to slowly sublimate and vaporize. The vaporized water is eventually all sucked out and you are left with a chunk of ice cream that has everything in it but water. Note, it doesn't melt. The process brings water straight from the solid to gas. This technique is used for lots of foods because it makes the food last forever -- without water most bacteria and molds simply can't grow. If you are a hippie, feel safe. The process doesn't use any crazy chemical science that'll kill your mojo.

I saw this item and it brought back memories of my childhood visits to the science and industry museum, so I decided to order a pack of it. It arrived before the expected arrival time and was just as delicious as I remembered it. A definite recommended buy.

Tastes just like it did when I was a kid.  The stuff crubmles easily, but was in decent shape.  Not that you can't eat it when it's in little pieces.

I remember buying astronaut ice cream every time I used to go to the Boston Science Museum as a child. I wish you could find it at regular grocery stores, because it is so good. It is almost a meringue-like texture and I find the flavor much more intense than regular ice cream. The price is good, I remember paying around $4 a package when I was younger. This is a real treat!

Would have been a perfect review except that I ordered 2 boxes of 10 for a birthday party and was shorted one package.  I mean, how hard is it to count to 20?  Good thing one child didn't show up or they would have been very disappointed.  Just like I am...

I love this astronaut neopolitan ice cream 10 pack.I first discovered it at the science museum i R.O.P.ed at in the 90's.I fell in love with it love at first bite!! The chocolate is my fave but there's also strawberry and vanilla to love. If it's the desert of the astronauts,then sign me up to go into space!!J.K. L.O.L It's smooth texture,as long as it's not stale,melts in your mouth,with yummy goodness!They now have new flavors too,like mint,choc chip,etc.Check it out,you might like it!!!I did!Astronaut Ice Cream Neapolitan (Pack of 10)

The astronaut ice cream was so yummy!  It did arrive broken, but that's okay, it was sooo cool!

Yes... this product was beat up on its return trip to Earth.  Perhaps it is unable to sustain the effect of multiple G's upon re-entry.Now with the grounding of the Shuttle Program, we may be receiving new product that never left Earth's gravity and thus was never subjected to the trials of Space.Delicious!

This is a totally new experience for them and they love it. Thank you for give me the oportunity to buy this product online

The texture and flavor is OUTSTANDING!!  It is rich, flavorful, and downright unique.  Can't recommend this high enough, as everyone I know between 8 and 80 has LOVED IT!!

I bought these for the kids originally and of course they loved it. Then I would eat one of these late at night when watching a movie. I need to buy more as they are convenient and awesome. The only downside is they can stick in your teeth a bit if you just eat them when they are just opened and very dry.

It maybe pricey, but damn it's good. It was worth the money I spent on it. I had my first taste of it back when I was 7 or 8 at an elementary school. The teacher was always giving this out as a snack for the students. For years I tried to remember what this candy was, until I came across a pic of it on facebook. By then I knew exactly what it was and I decided to buy it here. I don't regret doing so. Enjoy!!!

My kids love this stuff.  No idea why.  My only gripe is wish it was a little cheaper for the amount you get.

I had to introduce my nieces children to this unique product, they live in another country.  I'm sure it was a success.

its space ice cream. you either love it or hate it. they all taste the same to me. wasnt dissapointed at all

Sent a case to my nephew as a "get well" present when he had his tonsils removed. They said he loved em! I've also taken a few of these camping. 99% of the time they are broken, either due to shipping or being lugged around in my backpack...Doesn't really matter though, you eat it like chips, not a candy bar anyway. Great treat when camping. Also nice to store for emergencies.

I absolutely love Astronaut Ice Cream and this is my favorite brand. Comes packaged nicely and tastes fresh every time. It is sold at a reasonable price as well.

I have been hooked on this ice cream since I first tasted it at the a Science Museum. It is delicious!  It's a great novelty-type gift for anyone who loves ice cream or candy.  It has an interesting texture, it melts in your mouth and it's very tasty.  It's not very filling, so don't worry about that.  You might as well buy it by the lot and/or case b/c it's THAT good.  It also makes a great stocking stuffer for adults and kids alike! :)

I got these to give out in a goodie bag for the holidays, with a couple extras of course.  They arrived quickly, the price was right, and they were delicious!  I can't wait to give them to all my friends!

I have just seen the same astronaut ice cream at a gift shop for almost 3 times as much.

ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM...WOW!  Who could not love this stuff...what a great stocking stuffer, basket filler, hostess gift selection (paired, perhaps, with a bottle of wine!)  Keep a few in your pocketbook for road trips (to be removed when the crankiness begins). An out of the norm, NOT run of the mill, DELIGHTFUL old time FAVORITE (plus, I love that it is not found on every supermarket shelf...keeps it all the more special!)

My birthday present to me! Delicious and crunchy-creamy! Pretty much the cheapest price for a big box of freeze-dried icecream out there.

I love this stuff! If only that had straight flavors instead of neapolitan. I am rationing myself to keep from looking like ive got something going on with the parcel carrier. I shall order more when the time comes

Great taste! Fun to eat! It is a block of dehydrated ice cream so one serving is small. My daughter keep asking for another one and another.

I take these on the go all the time. Especially to the movie theater! Its ice cream, minus the mess!

I don't know how many people have had "Astronaut Ice Cream" but it is sooo good.  Seriously, it is something you have to try.  I've had it since I was a little girl because I grew up in TX where NASA was close by.  It is really convenient to feed to kids in particular because there is no mess to clean up afterwards.  The best thing about the ice cream is that it really packs more flavor than you would expect and when it melts in your mouth you'll be glad you tried it.

I try and keep some all the times, however, since I am an elder on a fixed income can't always afford to order it. I save up just to order. It's absolutely one of my favorite delicacies!! Just wish it wasn't as expensive as it is. (nevertheless I will continue to order when I can) treat yourself with this ice cream when you can. I especially love the neopolitan.G Jones

My students greatly enjoyed this as a special space snack!  This was defineitely a new experience for them and they loved it!

Astronaut Ice Cream. Need I say more? If you remember the packages from our youth these will certainly bring back fond memories of freeze dried happiness.

I was born in the 80's, and this was brought into class a few times. This is very good stuff, and is exactly how I remember it. It is however expensive. I ate the 10 pack within a day or two. I bought this to try out for long term food storage. They will last only a few years, which is expected because it's a dairy product.Definitely a comfort food, I will be stocking up more. LOVE IT

Sells for double or triple at museums.  Great product and good if you have kids over for a party to try something different.

If you want to have some fun buy this astronaut ice cream. We used it for a special event and it was a hit!

Very fast delivery! Thank you. Always delicious. Always delights. I'm addicted to the taste and texture.

I've been a fan of astronaut ice cream for years.  As a child, I always looked forward to visiting the museum store, to get my foam flying bird and a bar of astronaut ice cream.It's full of flavor, and the pieces melt in your mouth.  Each flavor, vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate is very distinct and pleasant.The fact that it comes already broken up makes for easy eating.  I can munch a piece at a time rather than eating the bar all at once.  It makes it last longer.Though if anyone is planning to serve these to a group, I would advise pouring the pieces into one larger container for individuals to eat from, rather than giving everyone their own bar.Because each bar is broken into different sized pieces, no two people will ever receive an identical package.

Finished the whole box in a week and didnt even share with my co-workers. Its that good.I would try this if you havent before.

I got this for my husband who is proudly serving our country in the United States Army.  He LOVED it (and so did some of his unit.)  It was just something fun to send him to break the often tense world of a soldier.  I can't personally account for the taste but he and the guys said it tasted just like the real deal.  I will probably send him more at a later date.

This product is excellent for kids parties.  All the kids loved it.  The items came without damage and were shipped quickly.

Bought this ice cream in lieu of goody bags for my son's birthday party, which we held at the planetarium. Both the kids and the parents loved them!

it's space ice cream!! always been the best.my better half loves those. i have to buy them in boxes of 10...

I know that this is probably an aquired taste and that not everyone loves this stuff--however my family gets so excited about this and loves it.  For those that haven't ever tried freeze dried ice cream before it is like compresses powdered texture and when it hits your tongue it starts to disolve.  Some people hate this stuff and some people love it.  This really is one of those products you should try for yourself and make that judgement.  As far as the shipping was pretty fast and the quality was excellent.  My family likes to give it as a stocking stuffer or small gift for special occasions.

Received the product as specified.  well within expiration dates and tastes great!  I've eaten 2 of my 10 packages already :)  Packages are just like the ones i get at my local science museum.

My son loved sharing this with his class for show and tell. Two bags was enough for his entire class of 20 to sample. They all thought it was great! Ice cream that isn't cold is a hit in the winter months up north. As an adult, I would suggest sucking on it, do not chew. It gets stuck in your teeth and kind of reminds me of the caramelized remnants on the ice cream lid. Not recommended for culinary connoisseurs. Made my children feel closer to the astronauts though!

The ice cream came just a few days after I ordered it, and in great packaging. Great job.

I was really looking forward to giving the kids at my son's birthday party this ice cream.  The packages arrived quickly, but I could tell the ice cream "bars" were in bits.  I opened one package to take a look and the ice cream was in fact shattered into little pieces.  And the inner packaging was sliced open in two places, possibly by a machine or razor.  It just didn't look right and I didn't feel comfortable serving them to the kids.Now, this is probably not a problem with the seller, but perhaps they want to evaluate their vendor for these products.  I just didn't want anyone else to have this same experience.  Thankfully, Amazon makes returns easy...

Gifted a box of these to an online friend. She loved it!Buyers should note that the ice-cream bars will arrive in several pieces, which is entirely normal for dry-frozen foods. Dry freeze is a process that removes water, and when water is not present, there is nothing to hold the stuff together.

SINCE I WAS A LITTLE GIRL I HAVE ALWAYS LOVE THIS STUFF. I EVEN SNUCK INTO THE BISHOP MUSEUM IN HAWAII JUST TO BY THIS 1 PACK OF THIS STUFF. I WORKED AT MARBLE SLAB ICE CREAMERY FOR NEARLY A YEAR AND NEVER TOUCHED THE ICE CREAM BUT GIVE ME A PACK OF ASTRONAUT ICE CREAM AND ITS GONE WITH A SNAP. IT IS A SMALL AMOUNT FOR THE PRICE OF A PINT OF ICE CREAM BUT FOR ME ITS WORTH IT. PLUS, IT TAKES THAT GUILTY FEELING OF GAINING WEIGHT AWAY.

I surprised my kids with these in their school lunches.  It was a huge hit.  They wanted more when they came home, but I told them that they would have to wait and be surprised to have it in their school lunch again some time.

I bought this out of curiosity, after hearing the buzz about it on the internet. I took my chances and bought 10 packages of these.They are fantastic! It came in a box, with 10 individual wrapped packages.These freeze dried ice creams are broken into pieces (Stop blaming packaging!) for a reason, so they are more easier to bite into, and because they crumble after being freeze dried at -40 degrees!I love these, and I am definitely planning to buy more, just in different flavors (this flavor is great, I just don't like vanilla. Strawberry is very enjoyable). Very light and compact, and you can bring it with you in a bag or a purse when you're craving ice cream but it's raining, or whatever.Highly recommended! Cheers, Amazon.

Gave to my nephews (who have everything doubled) for Christmas and the Astranaut Icecream was a big success.

I bought these as stocking Stuffers for my whole family. It was a nice little surprise. They were very tasty. Reminded me of field trips to the planetarium when I was a kid.

only 1 out of ten ice cream "bars" were'nt broken bits.Only the top one packaged was not injured, the box was fine so it wasnt shipper. must have been broke prior

This ice cream tastes great and is a fun adventure for all ages to eat how the astronauts eat. Ordered it for my husband's 32nd birthday and he loved it! I hadn't eaten this ice cream since I was a child, so it had some nostalgic memories.My review isn't so much about the product as it is about the ordering process. I have ordered 135 items from Amazon in the past 5 years and this was the only time that I have ever received the wrong item. I received freeze-dried space strawberries instead of the neapolitan ice cream. I contacted customer service and they apologized for the error and sent me a replacement box immediately. Well done, Amazon. This is why I do as much business as possible with you.

Amazon has a great price for Astronaut Ice Cream... It's $4/package at the local sporting goods store, so I can easily justify this expense.

this stuff is so good I used to get it at the museum as a kid and when I seen it I ordered it

This is a fun, unique birthday treat that my five year old daughter shared with her class.  Everyone loved it!

This is one of my favorite desserts, and melts quickly in the mouth. This brand is good and it shipped well-packaged. Everyone should try this once. The amazon price is much better than the ones you find at science fairs.

Well if you have had this product before you know it is amazing.  I am not going to describe the taste but i will tell you the product was shipped neatly and fresh.  Everything tasted great and the expiration date was much further into the future than this would have ever lasted.  Top notch.

I bought these for my students as a Christmas gift.  I teach in a school so there were many students who saw them.  It made a huge hit!  Most of the students said that they liked the taste but of course some didn't................that didn't matter, I had many coming back for more!

My astronaut ice cream arrived in crumbs and not bars, I don't know if this is buyer specific but should be careful.

I first had astronaut ice cream in the 5th grade on a field trip to the science center. I absolutely love the stuff. And, just as warned by the seller, the ice cream comes broken up. But who cares? It's all the same when it's in your stomach.

I bought this 10 pk for my daughter who loves it!!The actual size is a little smaller than what I expected, soI'm glad I bought the 10 pk instead of a single package.Other than that, the product is alot of fun to eat.

my niece teaches underprivileged kids in florida --- she had a science lesson and i sent her 3 boxes of this stuff --- most of the kids would never in their lives have had a chance to taste this stuff --- so for the price it was a good deal to share something that these kids would never have had...

It's cracked to pieces on purpose so it's easier to eat.  It's a bit sweeter than regular ice cream because there's no water.  Convenient to take with you anywhere!  This brand contains NO High Fructose Corn Syrup so it's healthier. Great deal! $19.95 ordered on 8/3/2011.

I was hesitant to purchase from this vendor based on earlier reviews about how the ice cream arrived in a pulverized mess.  I must say all 10 of 10 packets arrived in perfect condition.  I have purchased Astronaut Ice Cream several times at the LA Science Center and once from the NASA experience store in the airport on a lay over in Texas, and the quality was identical to what arrived via Amazon.For those of you who haven't experienced Astronaut Ice Cream -- you should try it at least once.  It is not cold, melty, real ice cream, so don't expect that.  It feels like a very light meringue block when you pull it out of the wrapper, and once you pop it in your mouth it has a creamy texture and ice cream-like flavor.  We are addicted.My son is taking his packets on a week-long high Sierra backpacking trip next week.  We once took Astronaut ice cream with us to the top of the Mayan pyramids in Tikal, Guatemala and shared it with our guide and other trekkers.  A fun, and very special treat.

The only reason I gave less stars is because I found a cheaper source for the same amount,nits just too expensive. One issue in this batch is that one bar had a hard crunchy spot that was like a big melted spot that turned crunchy, it was essentially ruined.

This kind of tastes like ice cream.  Unfortunately the similarities end there.The creamy texture that makes REAL ice cream feel good in your mouth must have been sucked out of the package along with the moisture back at the factory.Biting down on this stuff is like biting into a hardened piece of neopolitan-flavored insulating foam.  I found it to be a pretty gross sensation and had a hard time finishing the bar.Still, it's worth trying once!

If you've never had astronaut ice cream, it might be hard to get used to. The texture is crunchy but kind of gritty while it melts to be super creamy because all the moisture is gone. Some people don't like it, which just means more for me! I personally just like how dense and how flavorful it is. Plus there is always the upside of it being neapolitan, three flavors!It's fun to eat as a midday snack and we like to pretend that we are on our way to Jupiter's big red spot! Great gift for children (or adults who still pretend they're astronauts...) and always a little bit different.

Maybe it's something about eating space food, or the dry crunch of something that is supposed to be cold and creamy, maybe it's nostalgia from when I was a kid and very rarely encountered this amazing space desert. Whatever it is, I still love it and this is exactly as I remember it.  I do wish it was made with real sugar, and came in other flavors (vanilla only?) but it's hard to dock more than a star for that.

This product was exactly what I was looking for: Freeze-dried Ice cream. I reminded me of grade school and getting it a science centers. I gave some to my nephews who love it and my sister-in-law used some for a teaching aid for her fourth grade students.

I purchase this every year to give as a Christmas present to our kids.They love that they get to eat the same stuff astronauts eat. And it's ice cream to boot!Since it's freeze dried or whatever, it's fragile and easily breaks into pieces. We don't mind because it's almost preferred to break it all up. I don't take bites out of it anyway.

The ice cream was an amusing part of my daughter's space themed birthday party treats, but almost every package was full of crumbled, crushed powdery mess.  I was disappointed, but not by the quality of the product - just its fragility.

A delicious treat, popular with all ages. Makes great party favors or travel snack. Just make sure packaging doesnt get crushed.

great price for the value pack, hard to find item where i live, only get it at a museum gift shop....nice to have some in the cupboard for those odd random cravings for something i loved as a kid visiting the space museum. i really wish i could find the cheese pizza astronaut food that they had back then too!

I really don't know why I love it so much but I am a bit addicted to the stuff.  To bad its hard to find/expensive.  I just love this stuff, the texture is great and I love when it sort of melts in my mouth.

