i bought it for my little sister ,she said it's good for her hair about her hair lose

I am looking for volume because I already have thick hair.  I think this would work well on thinning hair.  It doesn't feel like it cleans or softens real well but it definitely added some texture to my hair.

I love this conditioner, it makes my hair feel very soft. I haven't been using it long enough to comment as to whether or not it actually makes hair thicker, but my hair does feel healthier. And I love the minty/herbal smell.

I am a 28 year old caucasian female with super curly hair. Over years of flat iron and hair dye abuse, my hair had become stringy and limp and thin. I have been taking oral Biotin vitamins for many years now and was very happy with the results. When I saw this product I was stoked because I could nourish my hair from the inside and out now. I read the reviews about the smell and thought it was a small price to pay for thick healthy hair. I bought the conditioner instead of the shampoo because I figured I could mix this conditioner with my other smell-good conditioner and get the benefits with a better smell. I was right. If you buy this conditioner and mix it with another conditioner (I use a replenishing Redken one), you can get the best of both worlds, awesome softness and smell, with thicker healthier hair. The conditioner has saw palmetto in it which I assume is why the conditioner smells a little like a plant. After only a couple of uses I have noticed a lot less hair falling out in my hands and my hair is fuller and feels stronger. I love this conditioner and will keep buying it!

When I first started using this back in February 2013, my thinning hair stopped shedding completely! A few weeks ago the shedding picked up again, unfortunately. I loved this shampoo and conditioner while it was working. I also feel like an idiot for not noticing the sulfates and other damaging ingredients in it. How can it be labeled organic when it's loaded with sulfates? Very disappointed and won't be buying again. Check your labels, I've noticed a lot of shampoos that claim to be organic have sulfates!

I got this shampoo to help build up and give vitamins to my fine hair. It's ok but it doesn't really feel like its cleaning my hair, more like its drying it out. I use the conditioner too and both of them I find hard to cover my head and the cond. does n't feel like it's doing anything. I wont be getting this again.

We were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner. Had high hopes for it, and it did not deliver.The smell was okay.It was harsh and stripping on the hair follicles.Left our hair with that squeaky clean feeling, but not in a good way, more in a removed all the oil from your hair kinda away.Even in using the conditioner, my hair still looked frizzy. And I do not have frizzy hair! Mine is fine, thin, and straight. If anything I usually border on having my hair be too silky and need things to volumize it.Just cannot recommend this product.

When doing your shampoo becomes a favorite part of your day, you can bet you are using this stuff.  It is very refreshing and no wait time for the conditioner to work.

In general, it is a good product, but do have two drawbacks: make hair dryer and weaksmells good, very organic.

I was very excited about this product after reading its reviews but was disappointed. The smell does not bother me at all. First of all, it is really hard to squeeze out of the bottle. The conditioner is kind of heavy and it seems like you have to use a lot of it to evenly spread it on you hair. I've used it and I've noticed that I'm pulling even more hair out while rinsing this conditioner. After drying, my hair looked kind of greasy/oily. At the end of the day I felt like I have to wash my hair again. I didn't like that. I gave it many tries and it had the same effect. I love their shampoo and I use it, but I didn't like this conditioner.

I bought the shampoo and conditioner both trying to curb the thining and weakening of my hair.  I decided for the price it was worth a gamble and I after a few weeks I am very happy I gave it a shot.  The shampoo has a strong wake up fragrance and on a Monday at 6:00 in the morning we all could use a little help waking up.  For lathering it does a very good job and my hair feels clean and great.  I use the conditioner daily and I feel that it has helped not only with strenth of my hair but also adds to the control I am actually using less product now in my hair because my hair will stay put and I am no longer trying to keep it tame on windy days.  Not really any drawbacks on either right now and if you are thining a little or want to boost your hairs strength I would say give it shot. I notice that there is not hair in the sink in the mornings anymore and I contribute it to the shampoo and conditioner.  This is much cheaper then Nioxin and I think it does just as good and even better job.

I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it.  Nope.  It barely did anything for my hair.  It was like adding water to my hair.  I even tried to mix it with another conditioner.  Big mistake on that one.  My hair felt like it wasn't clean.  Anyway, I would skip this.

I washed and conditioned 1 a week but didn't see much difference. No thickening. May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair.

My hair is fine like a baby's and rather thin.  This conditioner gives it fullness and thickness I've never had before.  I will be buying more.Update 4/17/14:  I was about to purchase another bottle of this for someone else and noticed the price has more than doubled since I first purchased it a month or two ago.  I will NOT be buying more, and I'm outraged!  It's good, but NOT worth $20+ !

I have only used this product for about a month, but I Love this conditioner.  hair feels stronger and more manageable.  Would recommend.

Another great product.  Just love this Biotin B-complex thickening conditioner.  It really helps the hair to look fuller and to grow.

I bought the thickening version of this shampoo my hair is most definitely fuller. My hairstylist always tells me my hair is super healthy!!

The conditioner was the better of the two, but I didn't care for this product.  The scent doesn't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent.  It's ok, I just think there are better products out there.  My hair is mid length, natural curly and thick.  I didn't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go.

I like when conditioners don't weigh my hair down and make it soft. This, however, make my hair feel disgusting! It got tangled up horribly bad an felt like there was some gross film on my hair at all times. I bought both the shampoo and conditioner and havenonlybused them twice. Waste of mint!

Really nice conditioner. I love the smell of it. I love the way it works.

My hair was falling out like crazy. I ordered this w the shampoo and I'm gradually noticing a difference. Not nearly as much hair is falling out.

best conditioner ever- better than most shampoos and conditioners (salon brand included) out there in the market. Love the aveda-ish ajurvedic smell. Highly recommended.

So far my new favorite shampoo/conditioner combo...  My hair is fine, but there is lots of it, and it tends to get oily at the roots.  I usually keep 2 brands to alternate, and this shampoo/conditioner has definitely earned a spot in the rotation.Feels a little hard to get spread and get even coverage, but it rinses easily and gets the job done.I've found that for the first time (since I started highlighting my hair about 8 years ago) I can let my hair air dry, and it feels really soft, and doesn't look frizzy.  It's noticeably healthier.  I use this probably 4-5 days/week (for about the last 6 months), and then alternate in another brand the other two.  Plus is has the feel good, and being sulfate free makes a HUGE difference in how it affects my hair texture.The smell is a little different -- not exactly girly, but still fresh, and certainly not offensive or a reason for me to not use these.Currently my favorite shampoo/conditioner, hands down.

I hate this shampoo! It mentions organic on bottle,but that is misleading! This item is NOT organic,AND gave me BUMPS!!! YES BUMPS on my head!

Please avoid this product. The conditional is so thick that it does not flow out when you want to use it. As for quality, it is horrible. It makes your hair sticky as if you haven't rinsed your hair for days. I don't see any good using it. I finally use Dove that I bought at Costco. It is cheaper and make your hair soft and weightless as well.

Not only does this conditioner keep my hair full, soft, and shiny all day, but is also great to use.  Other conditioners are slimy and just rinse right out of my hair, but this one is absorbed and does the trick all day long.

i don't know if it makes my hair thicker or healthier, but it feels good and thought it was reasonably priced.

I love this product. It really works. I use it with the shampoo. My hair is growing and it looks healthier and thicker. And it sheds a lot less. If you want a full head of hair I recommend this product.

I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the "miracle" to a beautiful head of hair.  This is not it.  It may be organic and have less surfactants but, it's the thinnest shampoo I've ever used.  Can't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain.  Stupid purchase.  Oh well, next time.

I have Protein issues therefore my hair these past couple of years have thinned (maybe too cuz I'm getting old)...but this conditioner used with their shampoo makes my hair feel thicker and healthier. I have long color treated hair and when using this product I find my hair is easy to manage after shampooing, no tangles. I not only recommend this product but I bought several bottles since my first purchase.BTW the price is not bad, since it takes a few drops to do the job, even with long hair. Enjoy!

When I got this in the mail it looked like someone had already opened the bottle. Haven't really seen any results either.

I chose this conditioner because I am trying to go organic as much as possible. Having said that, I ordered this conditioner because it promises to thicken the hair shaft naturally; however, when I applied it through my hair, it did little if anything to de-tangle. It reminds me of body lotion and it might as well have been. I had to use my regular conditioner to de-tangle. I pulled more hair out trying to work this stuff through my hair. I have medium long, fine hair. Maybe it's more effective for hair that's too short to tangle...Not a total lods, though; I'm using the rest of it as a shaving creme!

Great for thinning hair.  Hair seems thicker and is more manageable, not greasy with this conditioner.  Seems to help with frizz.  Works well with it's companion shampoo as well as others.  Pleasant but not too strong sent.

It definitely makes your hair thicker, but make sure you get it rinsed out thoroughly or hair will look greasy.  I would probably buy again, but practice with it before your fixing your hair to go somewhere!

Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase, I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker. It did not...My hair felt stiff and brittle. I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand...the smell was great and that is about all. I am so disappointed in the purchase, price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste....Don't count on it working for you. :(while the conditioner is thick, it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair. I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money.

I share this conditioner with two other housemates and we LOVE it. It has a nice natural smell that all of us enjoy. I have very, very fine hair. Conditioners generally leave my hair greasy or weighed down but not this one. One of the house mates has curly hair and she loves it too. I have seen a huge difference. My boyfriend even loves it!!

Rather than leaving my hair softer and more manageable (which is a conditioner's most basic function), this conditioner left a noticeable, waxy residue in my hair. I wonder if this gross waxy film is what makes your hair feel "thicker and fuller". It does not glide on to hair very smoothly and smells like Pine Sol. Major disappointment. I won't be ordering this again and I would hesitate to try any other hair products offered by this company.

Haven't used long enough to see if it gives a thicker appearance to hair. However, unlike other conditioners, it does not detangle hair. This can be problematic when you already have thin hair.

Need quite a handful to disperse in hair.  Not a good value at nearly 10 dollars for the bottle.  Wouldn't buy this product again.

My hair was falling in chunks and I had tried every good shampoo in the market until I used Biotin. I'm glad that I chanced upon this product because my hair fall has reduced considerably and the quality is also improving. I would recommend the shampoo and conditioner together. The conditioner makes the hair not only feel thicker but also softer.

This is a good conditioner that is healthy for my head. I use it in conjunction with my Groganic's shampoo and alternate both of them. It is not heavy and it cleans my hair well without drying it out.

Be very careful about ordering this product. The formula has changed (per manufacturer) Note the "new" on label. First formula was heavenly---the very best. This new formula is terrible! And on top of that, you can hardly get it out of the bottle.

I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics: Biotin B Complex Thickening Conditioner, 14 oz AND THE SHAMPOO AND USED IT DURING THE WHOLE 2012 AND NOT ONLY DID NOT THICKENED MY HAIR BUT IT MADE IT VERY DRIED.

This shampoo does seem to add some volume to my hair, unfortunately, it's been really frustrating to use. It leaves my hair extremely tangled. Even when I put copious amounts of conditioner after this shampoo, I still have a really hard time brushing my hair. I've never really had this problem with any other organic or conventional hair product.

I bought this conditioner along with the shampoo, to stop my hair loss. My hair stopped falling off.  Good product.

So i have been using the Avalon Organics both Shampoo and Conditioner for a few months now. I have seen a pretty good result. My hair has definitely gotten a bit thicker and stronger. I notice less hair falling out. I have combined this shampoo/conditioner with also taking Biotin Supplements so i do not know if its solely because of the shampoo/conditioner or a combination between the both, but improvement is there. My only one complain is that the conditioner doesnt give you that soft conditioner feel other conditioners give you.. Its a little rough as oppose to soft. In conclusion, if you have thin hair i recommend both products as well to supplement with a daily Biotin vitamin.

My hair was breaking off so much after I stopped getting perms. I have naturally very fine hair being mixed but for some reason I always got relaxers and it left my hair very thin. When I would wash it so much of my hair would come out I'd cry! But this stuff really stopped the thinning and it makes your hair really soft! Smells pretty nice too!

I love that it is organic. My hair always feels clean, fuller and I have gained length since using this product

This is the first conditioner I've ever used that did not weigh my hair down!  I recommend this conditioner (and the Avalon Thickening Shampoo) to anyone with fine hair.  I have alot of hair, but it's fine.  I did not use conditioner for years because of the "weighed down" factor and decided to try Avalon Thickening Conditioner because my hair started to feel very dry.  I like the Avalon Thickening Shampoo and Conditioner better than anything I've purchased at a salon!  The only thing I'm afraid of is that whenever I find a product I like, it ends up being discontinued - hope this never happens with Avalon products!

This shampoo has some pro's: Hair feels thicker, looks thicker, more volume.and some con's: Need to use a whole lot of it because it barely "suds." After rinsing it out, my hair looks and feels extremely dry and brittle (wet and dry). But, it is a thickening shampoo, and I guess if it makes my hair look thicker, it does what it says.

I have changed an earlier review on this product. My fault, I was a newbie to the reviewer world and I failed to realize the importance of tried and true testing. 160 reviews later I get it. It took 3 different products and a very specific combination of products to achieve the texture that I was looking for.Me - 28 this month. V shaped hairline. Hairstyle - long enough to run a comb through, usually let it grow for 1.5 months then cut back.The Biotin B-Complex conditioner is a daily counterbalance to the Biotin Shampoo. The Shampoo is harsh but effective. It leaves my hair feeling like a brillo pad and the conditioner helps break that apart. When used together the signs of balding are significantly reduced (seeing your scalp through the hair). Also, my hairstyle is a lot easier and fuller looking (messy and pushed up in the front).Even with the combination I found my hair needing a break from the two. I use Organix Coconut milk conditioner once a week to soften my hair. This is an extremely effective break.The proportions I use suit my taste. The appearance of thickness is all I really care about. I know i'll go bald eventually which is why i'm putting the work in the gym now. You have to be in shape if you're bald :)

I thought after one try that I would pitch it - it felt waxy and my hair felt unclean. But after combing and blow drying, the results were definitely clear - my hair was visibly thicker looking. I've been using the shampoo/conditioner for 2 weeks now and my hair looks better than it has in a long time. If you past the texture and feel of the product, you will like the results.

I really love this product, the smell is good and it makes my hair very smooth.But one thing, I didn't see the effect of volume.

With the inevitable hormonal changes, my hair started falling out.... A LOT.  This line of shampoo and conditioner was one of the ways I began to tackle this problem.I really, really, really like everything about it... the no chemicals, the smell, the texture, the price, oh and IT WORKS!I highly recommend.

This product works well with using the Avalon Organics shampoo.  I couldn't findthe Avalon conditioner I liked in the stores so I ordered this online.  It is a good product.I do find though that the thicker conditioners don't flow easily from the bottle.

I cannot believe something so wonderful just changed overnight into sticky glue like waxy goop. I had ordered several bottles because this used to be my "conditioner for life". When I opened the first one and squeezed a little conditioner onto my hand, I thought, oh no, this is not conditioner! I ended up putting it in my hair anyway, and I was terrified. My hair was a sticky, tangly mess, like I had put glue in my hair and really rubbed it in. I opened another bottle, thought, maybe something was wrong with the first one. Same thing. I had send all of it back. They were nice about the return though. This happened a couple of years ago, but I see they still haven't changed the formula back to the good old one, so I thought I should warn others about this "conditioner".

I bought the shampoo that goes with this conditioner. It doesn't leave your hair heavy and limp like most conditioners. After blow drying my hair it felt soft and so clean. The Avalon Organics Shampoo and conditioner is a must for those with fine thinner hair.

I've been using this about a month now. There seems to be less hair on the bathroom floor and around the sink. However, it dries my hair out (even when used with the conditioner) and leaves my scalp pretty itchy. The morning after using it, my hair is pretty oily, but really soft.

I havent really used it long enough to see a difference, but it is nice. It is the biotin shampoo and conditioner.

This stuff is ok but it didn't work any miracles. I probably wouldn't order it again. It's not silky feeling like normal conditioner.

This product is great, it has helped my hair a lot! I will definitely be buying some more when I'm out of this one!

I have been using the shampoo and conditioner for almost one month. I dont' know whether it's because of my healthier schedule or this product, my problem of losing hair is actually getting better. :)

Love this stuff! Leaves hair feeling light and clean, removes buildup from styling products. It makes me feel better that it's organic as well!

Great product, great price.  It really does make your hair feel and look thicker. Also, it makes my hair nice & shiny.

Did not believe this product would improve the texture nor the fullness of my hair... surprisingly it did. The smell is pleasant too.

I've used this conditioner in the past and recently re-purchased.  I must say that THIS IS NOT the same formulation (in my opinion) as past formulations I've used were FAR MORE conditioning and a completely different texture.  I'm not sure what's changed, but I CAN TELL YOU that I will NOT be purchasing this again anytime in the near future.  Something is definitely amiss here...

In the last year or so I've noticed that I am losing a lot more hair than I would like or would like to admit. I wanted to try something natural. I used this for a month and noticed no difference in hair loss but it totally dried out my hair. So much so that I had to cut 4 inches off. I have color processed hair and I'm not sure if that is why I had this reaction. All the reviews were so positive here and I was really hopeful. I ended up buy Rogaine and that has made a huge difference.

I do feel the parts of my hair I use it on is thicker... but I don't see how it has stimulated my hair to grow. At least it's natural and it's not doing any damage! Smell isn't terrible, but it's not good

6/8/2013, first review: I thought to review this product as time goes on. I've only been using it for a week, so I do not expect to see hair growth at this point.  It's good to note that I'm 42 years old, w/disturbing hair loss.The bottles are SMALL so I'm not using it carelessly. The smell is not flowery & fun, but it's more medicinal in scent, not overpowering. The shampoo lathers if you work at it, & it's a low lather rather than a high and luffy one. I rub it gently on my scalp & throughout my hair. If scrub too hard, I'll lose MORE HAIR. :( I am washing my hair every day, where I used to wash every other day. The conditioner does not lather.  It's more of a cream that I rub gently onto wet hair. My hair feels sort of weighty as I wash it & I think that I'm going to have a BAD HAIR DAY ahead of me, but after styling, it's actually soft, manageable, not weighty! After washing, I wrap in a towel for about 5 minutes, apply FINESSE styling mousse, let my brown curls air dry. Sometimes a touch of hairspray but most days, not. With the thick feel in the shower, I am surprised that it's not weighted down after styling. SO, I'll keep on trying this for 3 months. I'll try to remember to update if I see a difference. Feel free to ask me questions.**IT'S IMPORTANT TO MENTION THAT ALONG W/THE SHAMPOO & CONDITIONER, I'M TAKING, MAXI HAIR SUPPLEMENTS.  My Dr. was pleased w/the ingredients of the shamp, cond AND supplements. I use the supplements in place of a multi so I also take OMEGA 3 & Calcium Citrate w/ D3. (As per Dr).**6/27/2013 - Although there is NO new hair growth, I've noticed that I'M LOSING LESS HAIR when I wash & style!  It's enough for me to notice & enough for me to keep going w/ this trial. 19 days in, w/ consistent use of shamp/cond & Maxi Hair, my hair is smoother, softer, shinier stronger, doesn't have a bad smell, still not weighty & continues to be manageable. I feel like whatever residue was clogging my hair is out. My hope is that this is the case for my scalp & maybe, just maybe, I'll see some new sprouts. A girl can dream. :)6/30/2013 - Could it be?  New hair?  Will keep you posted.  I see three short hairs poking through!  I should also note that my nails need to be trimmed more often than ever, and I have to shave, (legs, underarms), more frequently!  I suspect this would be from the internal good I'm getting from the Maxi-Hair supplement.7/21/2013 - YES!  Still losing less hair, AND there IS new hair growth in little stray spots.  My nails, which I keep short, need to be cut once every week to 10 days as opposed to once every 3 or more weeks!  I rcvd two complements on my hair this past week, about how shiny &healthy; it looks!  I remain faithful to the products, using them EVERY DAY as recommended.9/21/13 - IMPORTANT UPDATE.  It seems that with months of use, this product is GREAT for clearing up any residue on my scalp, BUT it is drying out my hair.  I have to rotate my use of this and the conditioner.  It's stripping the oils from my hair.  I will still use the shampoo and conditioner, but may just use it once a week.  WIll keep updating.  I did notice that for the past two weeks, when I use the products, my scalp gets just a little itchy.  That also indicates to me that the residue blocking my pores may be cleared up!  That is the good part!  SO, I will be using the MAXI HAIR daily as bottle recommends, but will limit the use of the shampoo and conditioner.

To begin, I would like to note that I definitely like the shampoo much more than the conditioner.  I have now been using the combination of Biotin B shampoo and conditioner for about 2 months now.  I would also like to explain a little bit about my hair - I have medium shoulder length, straight hair.  I have very oily skin, which then gets my hair oily by the end of the day.  My scalp also gets very itchy, something I have attributed to an allergy in the "chemical" shampoos (I formerly used Artec by Loreal professional, Joico, and Matrix).  I also swim in a chlorinated pool on a fairly regular basis.Pros:organic - need I say more?gentle - I takes away my itch, and I have not had any other problems with dandruff or anything. The first ingredient listed is Aloe.So/So:smell  - not super yummy, but not intolerable eitherCons:Tangles!!!  No matter how much I use, the conditioner does not detangle my hair.  I let my hair dry, almost completely before I comb it (sometimes that's hard)Oil fields.  For some reason, this conditioner really makes my hair oily.  Before I even get out of the shower, my hair is so gluey, oily, and just not even nice.  I let it just dry that way, to see if it's only appearing oily while it's wet; nope.  It weighed down my hair, and it just wasn't as flowy and light.  To help, (I really wanted to give the combination a good go) I began not completely rinsing the shampoo out of my hair prior to adding the conditioner.  I would then completely rinse the shampoo and conditioner simultaneously.  This did alleviate a good chunk of the oil, but my hair still felt weighed down.Quantity to condition.  In order to get the conditioner to completely get to all of my hair, I had to use a ton!  It is really thick, and hard to spread throughout my hair.  I ended up running out of conditioner at the time that my shampoo was half empty.As far as "thickening" goes, I have noticed with using the combination of shampoo + conditioner, that my hair is not necessarily thicker, however, I have noticed that as I wash/condition my hair, less hair falls out during the showering process.  I used to have so much hair in the drain after a shower that my boyfriend used to joke, "how are you not bald by now?!?", but now I only loose maybe 7 or so hairs in the shower.  A MAJOR decrease.  With less hair falling out, I would certainly say that my hair is able to "thicken", not on an individual strand level, but overall my head of hair is thicker.Would I purchase again - yes/no.  I would purchase the shampoo again (I overall liked the way it cleaned, and made my scalp feel), but I would probably not purchase the conditioner again.  I suppose I will continue on the hunt for the perfect shampoo/conditioner combo.

This conditioner is great for dandruff or dry scalp.  It tingles when you use it and makes your hair shiny and with minimal breakage.Do not use on color-treated hair. It contains "mint" which will make your hair fade & use its vibrant color.  I used this product and found out the hard way.  I used to dye my hair blonde and it would make my color fade fast!  I ended up letting my husband use it (so we aren't wasting it) and I discontinued the use.  Tea-tree is an excellent choice for dry scalp, just use one without mint if you have color-treated hair.

For conditioner, this did not do its main job very well: conditioning.  It probably did (used in conjunction with the matching shampoo) do a fairly good job of making my hair feel thicker, but it just didn't condition my hair much.  Not impressed.

So far after about 6 uses, my hair is thicker and fuller. I might get a serum to tame it but thats typical for wavy hair. I love that it's organic too! Exactly what I was looking for!

Good price for a 14 oz product that I would have paid way more from a hair supply or some other store.

The shampoo and conditioner did what it says. It made my thinning hair feel and look thicker. I  recommend it, you won't be disappointed .

There was nothing conditioning about this.  I actually think it made my hair tangle more.  Really an odd product to be called conditioner?

It makes it look like I have dandruff, but I don't, but I didn't use it with their shampoo.  I'm not sure if that makes a difference

This conditioner is okay. For it to be effective, I have to mix it with another conditioner. However, I do really like the Biotin B-Complex shampoo by the same brand and would recommend that product.

I used this in conjunction with the shampoo. It does not restore moisture to your hair, so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did. I didn't notice any thickening of my hair. Moving on to another product.

I've been using this product for over a month. The good is that my hairs feels soft and silky and smells nice. The bad is I see no improvement with thickening. The conditioner is foamy and goes a long way, feels nice, it's a good conditioner, it just doesn't do much to thicken my hair.

After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft.  It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb.

Slight burning sensation. Did not see chamomile on ingredient list I found online and am allergic. Left hair with zero shine.

A few ingredients have a * and are marked organic, but the entire product is not.  There also isn't the USDA seal.  It worked fine for me, but if you're looking for something truly all natural this isn't it.

I bought this along with the shampoo because my previous shampoo was making my hair fall. After some months of usage I can't say for sure if it thickened my hair but at least it helped stop the loss. It leaves my hair very manageable as well. This conditioner is very thick and it didn't take a lot to detangle my hair. Will buy again.

Did not make hair soft or feel thicker just left tangled. Not recommended to those wanting to feel hair feeling fuller

It simply does not work with my hair. It seems as if I am adding water and not a conditioner. Tried after different types of shampoos and it is always the same. Perhaps it is due to my highlights.... I do not recommend it at all.

I have been switching all my hair care products over to shampoos and conditioners that do not contain sodium laureth and other harm chemicals as well as house hold cleaners. I have done plenty of research on all the chemicals we put into our bodies on a daily basis. Based on reviews I tried this as well as John Masters and a few others. First thing I noticed was a medicine type smell. I didn't notice any difference in the volume and it seem to leave a slight residue in my hair. I am a shampoo junkie and have tried just about everything that is out there. I think that John Masters and Derm Organics have much better products that do not contain harmful chemicals. Also Bumble & Bumble has a great thickening shampoo and conditioner however they do contain a few extras in the ingredients but not to the extent of many that are on the market today. This also took quite sometime to arrive.

I don't recommend this. I used with companion shampoo and my hair was very dry and couldnt get a wide toth comb thru it. even after rewash it still wasn't easy to manage. :( I sent this product and the shampo back. Big disapointment.

I use it twice one week. And I use it after the shampoo. I think it does have some effort.

I really like the Biotin B Complex Thickening Conditioner (and shampoo). I love the scent and I like the way my hair feels after I wash and condition my hair. Although I haven't used it long enough to notice a change in volume and texture, ..I will continue to buy both products because I like the natural ingredients and wonderful scent.

Hated it.  Did not make my hair feel soft or moisturized.  Felt dull and course.  I would like my money back!!

Saw absolutely no difference using this product.  Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue.

Typically when you think of Biotin you think of products that require you to have very thin (or thinning hair), or at least that is what I always thought.  I tried this product because even though I have a lot of hair, it is fine and I heard biotin might aid in the strength and vitality of the hair follicles.  I have to say that I have loved this product!  I even got my mom using it, and my best friend.I have tried other products of this line as well, and have similarly enjoyed the results!  Try them!

So far I'm pretty happy with this product. My hair definitely looks fuller and it feels really soft. The only downside so far is the price. It is more than I'm used to paying for conditioner but the results make it worth the extra cost.

This is the best conditioner on the market even if you do not have thinning and damaged hair like I do.

I have tried numerous types of of hair thickening shampoos and conditioner.  This is the best so far.  A little pricey but you don't have to use very much.

This product did nothing for my hair, I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit. after using it made my hair dry and brittle, no moisture whatso ever.

Nice thick conditioner makes your hair feel really smooth and thick. I think the biotin is what does. I would buy this product again and a little bit goes a long way!

Being a long haired guy, I've developed a preference for the more natural shampoos and conditioners, but really wasn't happy with this. After using this, my hair would be badly tangled and gnarled. Even perhaps matted toward the ends. After I managed to comb through it, my hair wouldn't feel bad for the rest of the day... but something about it really made my hair tangle up and feel really dried up in the ends.

I love it. Will buy again! although it is a bit drying. it might not be a good everyday use.

I got this conditioner to go with the same brand shampoo.  I have older fine hair and the shampoo is great but I felt like I needed an ocassional conditioning.  I like this pretty much but it seems kind of dry and I can't really tell if it does anything for my hair.  I don't know if I will get this same brand next time I need conditioner or not.

it really make your hair thick, and leaves soft and clean. use with the same shampoo, great products if you want a full head of hair, and helps growth too!

I did not like the conditioner seems that it is not a conditioner at all ... Shampoo was ok but after using the conditioner I needed to use my detangler or use my other conditioners.

I got this organic conditioner to use with the Pura d'or shampoo and the combination really works.  My hair is manageable, thicker and shines.  I would recommend it especially if you're like me...middle aged...with hair that just didn't have the shine or feel that my hair used to have.

This is a fine shampoo.  It is priced right.  My hair looks fine...not great...just ok.Did I mention it was a good price? :)

Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing, it makes my scalp itch. Could be just me. Wouldn't buy again.

I got this conditioner to go with the shampoo they make.  I do like the fragrance.  Fresh.  This conditioner does not make my hair smooth enough to get my tangle out.  I use it first and then use a bit of my usual conditioner so that I am not tearing out my highlights after washing.  I did notice a bit of thickening of my hair shafts.  My hair did seem a bit fuller.

It's so hard to find shampoo and conditioner that are natural and sulphate free/safe for colored hair for a reasonable price. I really like the Avalon Organics Thickening Shampoo. I am not certain if I love this corresponding conditioner, though.I find that when I put it in my hair I still can't run my fingers through my hair to comb out the knots. It's like my hair just sucks it in and then I feel like maybe I need to put more in (which I refuse to do because then I'll run out too fast). After I blow dry my hair it looks great, though.I am going to finish the bottle before I decide whether I continue buying this one.

I like it .I think it will good for my hair. Hehe ,but I  think the transportation expenses is too much

A mi me cayo bien, a mi esposo le dio picazon, por que se lo aplicaba en todo el cabello, yo le dije usalo solo en las puntas, por que el usa el cabello largo, y asi si lo pudo usar..

I just finished my first bottle of this product. I am in my early 50s, my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula. The smell is great but the conditioner doesn't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes. I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle. I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning. I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto.

I had never tried prior to purchasing. I love the smell, the results and feel of my hair! It also seems to have clear up my dandruff a bit too!

I can tell a difference in the texture of my hair after using, the fragrance is a little off putting but I really look forward to how this product will help me grow out my hair

I love the way this makes my hair feel.  I have thin curly hair that has a mind of its own but since I started using this product i've noticed that it grows faster, thicker and it's bouncier than before!

The product smells great. It rinses very clean. I like that it is PH balanced. As far as living up to the 'thickening' part of the title, I cannot say that my hair has thickened. I am almost all the way through the bottle,  and while my hair feels cleaner, I would not say it feels thicker. I would still buy the product again however, just for the other reasons I listed previously. I am using the shampoo in conjunction also. SLK

Product dried out my hair. I was disappointed since this is organic. I expected it to be better. But, Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out. Smell was ok. It was not overwhelming, but it did not smell great either. It did make my hair look thicker, but dried out.

Not moisturizing at all.  I actually threw it away and now use random conditioner from target instead.  Big bummer as I bought 3 bottles of this stuff :(

This stuff makes your hair feel thicker after using it and overall is a good product. I have been using it for about 6 months and have not seen any hair-loss prevention or any hair growth what so ever. It is very reasonably priced and does leave my hair feeling thicker and better looking than other shampoos i've tried. I do think it promotes your hair to produce more oils though, it is pretty potent. After about 12-14 hours my forehead and scalp seem more oily than in the past since using this product, but nothing terrible or alarming.The smell could be better. It doesn't necessarily smell bad, but it kinda smells like lemony dish soap or like dial hand soap--like some commercial bathroom product--But you gotta hand it to them, it smells pretty damn good for a product having Saw Palmetto berries in it--in case you were unaware, saw palmetto extract and berries smell like pure vomit and death...lol! Don't worry you can't smell the saw palmetto at all. It is not strong scented, you'll just have a light fragrance of some industrial lemon-like handsoap while washing your hair.For the price, it's definitely worth it to at least try.

Nice, smells good. Yes it thickens. A little hard to use though. It's too thick to get out of the bottle. Different packaging would be a good idea.

This is a good conditioner that is healthy for my head. I use it in conjunction with my Groganic's shampoo and alternate both of them. It is not heavy and it cleans my hair well without drying it out.

I have been using this product for three months now. I have noticed a big difference in my hair. My hair is much thicker and has more body and volume.It feels much stronger. I see less hair in the comb and more on my head. I just reordered this product and will  continued to use it.

I would not buy this product again, not very conditioning.  Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled.  Doesn't feel like a conditioner.

I can't say that I noticed any difference  with thickening between this conditioner and any other that I used, but it's a good conditioner.  It has a good texture and consistency and does moisturize and make the hair feel stronger.  However, I can't say that I noticed any thickening.  My four stars is based solely on the fact that it's a good conditioner and not that it created extra thickness.

I've only been using this product for a few months but so far I love it my hair fills fuller love it the smell is pretty decent to would recommend to everyone if you are looking for a great organic shampoo

does not work makes my hair feel dirty and made my  hair fall out even more, will never buy again

I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue.  My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time, SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying!!!  I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it.  Well I wasn't because it happened again.  I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I've used before and washed my hair with it this morning.  Only a little bit of my hair came out...and by little bit, I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex.  Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you.  I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything, I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it. I am sending this product back today!  Good Luck~

This is a nice finishing touch to your bath. I think it leaves my hair feeling fresh and clean. I still haven't noticed the thickening effect it promises but I think I still can wait a month more for it.

Seems to be great, my wife has the problem of lossing hair, and it seems this product could make her hair grow faster.

I was so very disappointed with my purchase of the Avalon Thickening shampoo and conditioner. I had such high hopes, but in only two shampooings, my hair was noticeably stripped of oils, had that &#34;squeaky clean&#34; feeling you get when using a very harsh product, and it became dry and brittle. It started looking very dull. They use many products that have an oil stripping effect on the hair, like orange oil and lemon oil. You might think because it says, 'oil' that it might add to your hair's shine, but these are ingredients in industrial strength degreasers. This product only damaged my hair. Avalon is only 70% organic and it had a rather unpleasant smell to me. Rather like mosquito repellant or dish soap. Using a harsh product like this is very detrimental for your hair. I know that a lot of people will be drawn to Avalon because of the low price, but if it drastically stripped my extremely oily hair in two shampoos, I can't imagine what it might do to yours. Although my hair is very fine, so perhaps ethnic girls, and women with coarser hair might benefit? I honestly wouldn't recommend it. I'd rather see people get something that will improve their self-esteem immediately, rather than give them new problems to worry about.In desperation I purchased the more expensive Just Naturals system for thinning hair and believe me, it blows Avalon out of the water. In just one shampoo my hair regained it's texture and became so silky it felt like Asian hair. I can't stop touching my hair now and I feel so much more confident. They use incredible ingredients that greatly benefit people with hair loss due to hormonal issues, or who have an increase in DHT. You do pay more than double for that shampoo, but having something that supports your hair, improves the texture, and smells fantastic, was worth it to me. I'm now quite confident in what I'm using and plan to go on using it, regardless of the cost. I'd pay 5x what I'm paying for it now, I love it so much. And their treatment spray is oil based. I use the system twice a day and I'm shocked at how long it is lasting. It has truly been an excellent investment.I would recommend that you shampoo and condition your hair twice a day if you want to see regrowth with any system. This is because one application of shampoo with DHT-fighting ingredients, can only do so much. Your body is constantly generating new hormones and new DHT. By helping to combat it twice a day, you have a better chance of seeing results sooner. This is coming from a 36 year old woman who has been fighting repeated hair loss due to hormonal imbalance from 16 on. Once a day just never cut it for me. Using a leave on treatment like Just Naturals has overnight, can also work wonders. I use it during the day too if I'm not going out.I hope this helps you recover your hair, and your self-esteem, a little faster and more efficiently. :o)

is a great product , leave my hair clean and whit much vitamint, i love it. i buy champoo too and is amazing.

Love Avalon products,felt clean and not itchy after use like many other products,very refreshing feeling.

After using this shampoo and the conditioner I noticed my hair felt much stronger, and softer. I have fine curly hair and it didn't feel as frizzy or dry. I also took Biotin supplement while using the shampoo and conditioner so that probably helped too.

This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either.  I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this...literally 1/4-1/3 of a cup worth. This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner.  I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much.  I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it.  Very dissappointed

Great organic product, works pretty much as described. Big difference in ingredients when compared to other &#34;normal&#34; shampoos or conditioners.

This is thick and kind of difficult to spread throughout hair and doesn't smell that great. I've also not noticed any benefits one way or another. I'll not be buying this again.

I had to use a lot to get my whole hair with the product and did not care for the feeling of my hair after rinsing

Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all. The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol. When I first opened the conditioner, it was really a really thick and creamy appearance, but the second I put it in my hair, it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4" away from my roots, but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times. What a waste of conditioner! When I rinsed it out, my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency. Not very pleased. I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two. I'm unsure if that's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner. I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair.

