Saxophone Colossus is, all around, incredible, from the first moment. The album opens with Max Roach, arguably the best jazz drummer ever, setting out a cool latin beat that relies heavily on toms. Then Rollins comes in  with the mellow, but somehow exuberant head to &quot;St. Thomas.&quot;  After a wailing solo from Sonny, Roach launches into a solo, which ranks  high among his best work. But the amazing point is when Roach's solo  concludes, building, and building, and then the music just explodes into a  fast swing beat and another round by Sonny. After a piano solo by Tommy  Flanagan which slowly brings the energy down, we're back into the head,  still in swing. But after one repetition, the latin groove reappears - Max  is in control - to finish out the tune. The rest of the album is full of  masterful renditions, including perhaps the best instrumental version of  Moritat (Mac the Knife from the Three Penny Opera) on record. For me, this  is the best jazz album of all time.

It just doesn't get much better than this, folks. From the moment I heard the catchy calypso beat of &quot;St. Thomas&quot;--a reflection of Sonny's West Indian origins--I was hooked.  The fact that this song is a standard,  but still sounded fresh and new on this recording, made it all the better.  The next three tracks are great jazz music too, with Sonny's band playing  tightly together, but then comes the tour de force, the unbelievable  &quot;Blue 7.&quot;  Refreshingly, this piece runs to eleven minutes not  because Sonny and drummer Max Roach noodle mindlessly, but because they  know exactly where they're going, and are skillful enough to take their  time gettng there.  Buy this CD!!!

Excellent classic performance by one of the best sax players ever. And Max Roach is simply the killer jazz drummer of all time. I was particularly impressed by the sonic quality - for a mid 50's analog recording, it was produced really well - Roach's cymbals really stand out to me, and Rollins's exceptional style and tonality is well presented. Love every minute of it!

Sonny Rollins is simply amazing and truly shows his tenor saxophone prowess. While not doing as many saxophonists choose to do and play notes without regard to phrasing or the style of song, Sonny Rollins builds amazing melodies that are enjoyable to listen to. Of course, at the center of all of these melodies is Sonny Rollins' bold, confident tenor sound. This CD is a must for anyone who loves the strong, bold sound of a tenor saxophone!

Sonny Rollins solidified his claim to the top tenor spot of the late  1950's with albums like,  &quot;Way Out West&quot; and this one.  His tone is warm, full, and flawless as he swings his way  through  this set with Max Roach on drums, Tommy Flanagan on piano, and Doug  Watkins on bass. The calypso flavored &quot;St Thomas&quot; opens the disc  and is a textbook  example of what makes Rollins great. His playing  is effortless, relaxed, and flawless. He  displays a soft touch  with sensetive interpretation of the standard &quot;You Don't Know  What Love Is&quot;, and kicks it back into high gear with the hard charging  uptempo &quot;Strode  Rode&quot;. He displays his talent for  uncovering unconventional material with a selection from  a German  musical here titled &quot;Moritat&quot;. The final track is the jazz  masterpiece &quot;Blue7&quot;.  Featuring masterful solos by Roach  and Rollins this track leaves one feeling Sonny is  cooler than  most people could hope to be. Saxophone Colossus is one of those rare  albums that is packed with legendary performances and future standards,  flawless from  top to bottom. This cd is essential and is  guaranteed to delight.

During the mid 1950's the jazz genre was entering into a very different place. Not too long ago America's most popular music,it lost some of that public gained in the transition from swing to be-bop. There was brilliant music made. But not everyone wanted to hear it. With all the creative energy in the music splitting off in different directions after WW2,jazz wasn't just jazz anymore. There were all these new and different styles of the music:swing,be-bop,Dixieland,modal. And as time passed many many more. So it seemed any new musician who came along would be required to do something extremely daring and extremely original to "stay fresh". Coming straight from the be-bop era and playing with Miles Davis's early bands Sonny Rollins didn't seem incredibly worried about any of this. As a person whose interest in playing seemed to be more significant sometimes than his ego Sonny didn't seem as concerned on this album about any of that. Just about good playing.Perhaps it had something to do with Sonny's mild distrust of the recording studio belief that jazz came off more fully in live performance that one of the things that makes this album so interest is how much Sonny holds back from hogging major solo space. Also he's not a flamboyant improviser either. Of course this album is known by a lot of people by it's opener "St.Thomas",one of the most memorable melodies in jazz at the time with it's shuffling salsa rhythms and Sonny's clever invention of melody. "Strode Rode" is one of the few numbers on here where Sonny also solos a lot. On the final two numbers something very different happens. "Moritat" (more commonly known as "Mack The Knife") and at this time commonly associated with Louis Armstrong  has Rollins really only playing the melody while he pretty much lets Max Roach's flamboyant drum soloing and pianist Tommy Flanagan hold the floor the majority of the time. And why not? They are of course tremendous players. The same thing happens on the slower blues based numbers "You Don't Know What Love Is" and "Blue Seven".So in the end does this album open up any major new artistic territory for jazz?No it really doesn't. What it does do is find a quartet of some of jazz's most talented players of the time in Rollins,Flanagan,Max Roach and Doug Watkins on bass just doing basically the sort of musical set they might do while in performance. So in a way this could be seen more as an in the studio concert rather than a strictly studio based session. Of course almost all jazz at this time was recording this way with no overdubbing. And even though this is by no means a live album,something about the way the sound was captured really put a lot of emphasis on the the way Sonny Rollins presented his music. Sometimes a musicians approach to their sound,as opposed to the WAY they play is the most significant aspect of their talents. And I would have to say that about Sonny Rollins. He plays wonderfully,melodically and crisply with a great sense of bounce and swing to his sound as well. And that to me might be why this album is so beloved by so many jazz fans from all over.

Arguably Sonny Rollins' most accomplished musical statement, Saxophone Colossus is certainly the tenor man's most eclectic.  From the carefree musings of &quot;St Thomas&quot; to the smouldering sensuality of &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot;, the album explores a kaleidoscopic array of colors and moods.  If Davis' Kind of Blue merits praise for managing to maintain the same unique mood from start to finish, this disc derives its greatness from its sheer variety--a tribute to Rollins' Caribbean, blues, and bop influences.Eminently listenable, Saxophone Colossus forms an apt segue for newcomers into the world of jazz.  A fun, approachable album, it works equally well as background music and as serious listening.  It is, finally, a recording that seems appropriate for nearly any time and place, but ultimately one that, in its endless nuances and rewards, refuses to fade into the periphery.  Highly endorsed.

A good place to start if you are not terribly familiar with Sonny Rollins.  It was nice to see this disc showcased on Ken Burns' &quot;Jazz&quot; special on PBS last year.  Some argue this is not Sonny's best work, but it seems to be one of his best known works.  The opening track has a great ambiance to it and &quot;Strode Rode&quot; is also a great piece of work.  Nothing weak on this album-it's all good.  Recommended.

Una grabaci&oacute;n cl&aacute;sica con un sonido excelente y de alta calidad. Sonny Rollins es sencillo y memorable. Un jazz para disfrutar con tranquilidad.

I was sifting through the reviews already written, and saw someone say that Rollins wasn't as good as people like Paul Desmond and Stan Getz.  Frankly, I would have to say that is one of the more ridiculous things I've ever heard said about jazz.  Rollins is one of the great masters of jazz, on any insturment.  The only tenor player who I can clearly say is better than Rollins is Coltrane.Saxophone Colossus is the album that essentially made Rollins.  With Max Roach, Tommy Flanagan and Doug Watkins, this disc covers everything from the blues, to bop, to ballads, to carribean music.  They touch all the bases, and they touch them well.  'St. Thomas' is an incredible song which demonstrates Rollins almost unmatched ability to systematically develop a solo from the ground up.  Max Roach's drum solo is also fantastic.  'You Don't Know What Love Is' is probobly my favorite track.  Flanagan solo here is, in my opinion, his best on the record, possibly one of his best period.  'Strode Rode' is a hard-swingin' and kickin' track that shows off the quartet's ability to sit in the pocket and swing hard.  'Moritat' is my least favorite on the CD.  It's not bad my any means, it just doesn't speak to me in the way the other tracks do.  Finally, 'Blue 7' is the most simplistic, and in a way, brilliant track on the CD.  It's a pure, non-subsitution blues (in F i believe) that once again demonstrates perfectly Rollins ability to gradually build a solo.  He starts from the ground, and builds to a climax, then brings it back down again.  Also, Roach's 'melodic' drum solo is excellent here.In short, this is probobly one of the top 10 records in jazz.  For new listeners, its a must have, and a perfect introduction to jazz.  For 'veteran' listeners, and for students of the style, it provides perfect examples for structuring solos, and for making complexity our of simplicity.

This was a gift for my grandson who plays the saxophone, He wanted music that he could play along with and this CD suited him real good.

I was introduced to jazz by friends who touted Coltrane as the beginning and end of sax mastery and I almost dropped out of jazz until I came upon &quot;Sax Colussus&quot;.  I have the Prestige 50th Anniversary Special Commemorative Edition and for the record, the sound quality on this album is so rich that when you close your eyes you can almost slip back in time into the recording studio.  St. Thomas is a classic that belongs in any collection but signature pieces like &quot;Strode Rode&quot; and the ultra cool &quot;Moritat&quot; (Doug Watkins bass is great on this one [although Tommy Flanagan's piano does sound a bit &quot;subdued&quot; or &quot;muffled&quot;) make this album a gem in any sized jazz collection.

In all books about jazz I found this CD highly recommended, I looked for it and when I listened its music I understood the reason.

Go buy this cd/mp3 if you love tenor sax, and want to hear one of the great greats!  Buy it now!  What are you waiting for???

Truly one of the unappreciated saxophone geniuses, at least by the general public. First download of his music but based on this LP I will purchase more in the future.

The interplay between Rollins and Roach is fun to listen to.  Two master craftsmen playing off each-other and creating a rich tapestry of music.  Buy this CD!!!

This appropriately titled classic hard bop session from the summer of 1956, was not no ordinary hard bop session. This was a masterpiece by one of the most brilliant minded saxophonists in jazz.The genius had  recorded his seminal classic album, Tenor Madness, which is over-shadowed by this one, within the same couple of months, and Sonny was at the top of his game; until he quit for a time four years later.This album begins with one of the most famous and memorable jazz melodies ever. The song which later became Sonny's theme song, St. Thomas, which has been covered by many jazz artists such as Chuck Mangione and Mundell Lowe.The song is a brilliant composition and conversation between Sonny and drummer Max Roach. The song is begun in a latin rhythm set by Roach, in which Sonny does the melody and solos some of the most beautiful stuff my ears ever heard. Max Roach then takes then next solo still in the latin feel, then he sets the next groove by turning his snare on and begins to swing his solo until the whole rhythm section comes in for Sonny to express more of himself. Tommy Flanagan gets the next solo until Sonny goes back to the melody, (still swinging) for one verse, until Max sets the group back in the latin feel first demonstrated in the early minutes of the piece. This song is a classic.The only ballad here, You Don't Know What Love Is, is taken beautifully here. Strode Rode, an up-tempo piece swings heavily. The last bars of Flanagan's solo leading up to Sonny and Max's interchaning solos is haunting. Once the two do exchange solos, it is brilliant to listen to. Roach's never ending ideas with Sonny's unique play of the notes make Strode Rode a very enjoyable listen.The tune with the more popular title of Mack The Knife, (usually done by singer Bobby Darin) is in a more jazz setting here. And the masterpiece ends with Sonny's extraudinary composition, Blue seven. One highlight is Doug Watkins' bass line. Other highlights include Max's numerous drum solos.This album opened the door for many young players. It also gave Sonny the recognition he needed to be one of the most influential saxophonists in jazz. This is the first period of the genious of Sonny Rollins.Saxophone Colossus, a fine and brilliant musical journey from start to finish, that gets better with every proceeding listen.

Here we have what is probably Sonny Rollins' most popular album, although I do believe he has much better music on other records, such as G-MAN and THE BRIDGE.  However, SAXOPHONE COLOSSUS still measures up to all the hype it receives.  This limited edition remaster sounds great and up-to-date, even though it was recorded in 1956!The group is a quartet made up of Rollins (tenor sax), Tommy Flanagan (piano), Doug Watkins (bass), and the genius that is Max Roach (drums).  Roach is undoubtedly one of, if not the greatest jazz drummer of all time.  Name a musician, and he's probably played with them at some point in time.  The presence of Roach is a defining element that brings the quality of the performance up a few notches.'St. Thomas,' named after the island Rollins is from, is probably the most popular track.  It's a simple song that shapes the whole album with the smooth flowing tenor playing of Mr. Rollins and the syncopated, carribean influenced percussion and drums from Max Roach.  I actually listened to this track when I was visiting St. Thomas last summer, and the mood of the song fits with the beauty of the islandMy favorite track here is 'Strode Rode,' because I'm a sucker for hard swinging be-bop.  It reminds me of the Rollins tune, 'Airegin,' which can be found on COOKIN' WITH THE MILES DAVIS QUINTET and BAGS GROOVE.  This track includes a masterful solo by Flanagan - his shining moment on the record.We also have two standards in 'You Don't Know What Love Is' and 'Moritat,' which is the popular 'Mac The Knife' without the words.  I prefer this much better than 'Mac the Knife' because of the outstanding performance by this quartet.If you are new to the world of jazz, this is a great place to start, and I would recommend it alongside records like KIND OF BLUE and GIANT STEPS.

To call this great recording classic is an understatement!  This is a jazz masterpiece, and Rudy Van Gelder's 24-bit remastering sounds phenomenal on my high-end stereo system!  This is one of the 'tightest' incarnations of ANY jazz band that ever recorded!  The musicianship and artistic expression on 'Saxophone Colossus' is legendary!

If you're a veteran you have this album, if you're just getting into jazz you NEED it. It's just an amazing album of improvisation and fun. It features some great musicians matched only (in my opinion) by the John Coltrane quartet and Miles Davis quintet. Rollins does amazing and crazy, yet controlled solos (which separates him from 'Trane, as Trane was just a loose cannon). Max Roach is also truly amazing on this album, getting solos in 2 or 3 of the songs.The album opens with a light and happy caribbean tune, St. Thomas, that quickly turns into a swing tune after a great mid-song solo by Roach. Following this is You Don't Know what Love Is, a slower, more traditional jazz classic. It's probably my least favorite song on the album, not because its bad but just because the rest of the songs really seem to shine more. Strode Rode is an amazing swing piece featuring a great solo by Tommy Flannagan. Moritat (Mac the Knife) is another jazz essential as well. Blue 7 is purely a solo song not unlike something you would hear off of Kind of Blue. I havent really gone into extreme detail as when I listen to this cd, it really all flows together for me. I love it. It's a great cd to listen carefully to or to just put on and forget about. If you want jazz, you will want this cd.

The question of who was the greater tenor sax player--Rollins or John Coltrane--continues even today. Let's look at it this way...in 1956, Coltrane was gaining prominence in Miles Davis' quintet, but he was far from being a great player. He did not yet have the technique to express the wild ideas in his brain. A year later, however, he went to play with Thelonious Monk's quartet, and the experience liberated him and his style. Only at that point could he truly hold his own against Rollins, who was already a mature player by 1956. Compared side by side, it seems Coltrane recorded more bona fide classic albums than Rollins, but I don't believe any of them are as consistently great as &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot; (&quot;Giant Steps&quot; comes closest). Rollins' playing throughout the album is extraordinary, especially on the last number, &quot;Blue 7&quot;, a strange blues improvisation which features one of Max Roach's fiercest drum solos. Tommy Flanagan plays piano, and he is known to double the quality of any album he plays on. Doug Watkins plays the bass, and he's got a nice sense of swing...one wonders why he only solos on one tune--&quot;Moritat&quot;. But the star is Rollins, who is on fire from the word go. Clarity, coherence, speed, imagination and unpredictability are his weapons, and they make this probably the best saxophone record ever.

The only issue I have with this product was that the cd case was damaged, but the cd itself was in perfect condition. A bit of a bummer, considering the damage to the cd case, but nothing I have any reason to complain about.

Mr. Rollins' muscular attack and powerful mid- and bell tones are unmistakable. This is a desert island disc. Also, one of the best cover photos ever.

A top ten all time collection of songs in my heart, some of the most fantastic sax on record, hoppingest tunes and heartfelt recording available.  Simply perfect.  I've given five stars to CDs I know are less than perfect, because I love them, but this is pure.  I don't have to tell you all what you already know about Sonny Rollins and this classic release.  We are all lucky Sonny Rollins has stayed with us so long and shared with us so much.  I'd just like to use this public space to thank Sonny again personally for his kindness in taking the time after a fabulous energy-draining virtuoso performance at Kannai Hall, Yokohama, in May '97, to sign this CD and take photos with me and a friend.  These treasures make me proud.  Thank you Sonny.

Look at the reviews of this CD...a heavy-metal fan turned onto jazz (at least in part) by this album.  Someone realizing that rating this CD is like rating the Mona Lisa. - And with >70 reviews this CD still has a perfect 5 stars. - Yes, the music really is that good.  The rendition of "Moritat" is by itself enough to justify buying the CD.  I am adding my two cents here only to help keep the reviews recent and to let potential buyers know that this music is [still] amazing and it really is worth your hard-earned money.

Saxaphone music is my favorite and this CD does not disappoint.  I am new to jazz saxaphone and got this suggestion, believe it or not, from reading Michael Connelly Harry Bosch detective novels. If you read the series you will get all sorts of excellent hints on smooth jazz music to buy.

Sonny Rollins is at his masterful best in this CD; his phrasing is surefooted and the sound is deep and rich. He turns a musical line into sheer magic.

In my opinion, there is no better tenor sax player than Sonny Rollins. The reviewer who states that he lacked the curiosity of Miles and the fire of Trane simply hasn't been listening to Sonny. Rollins has a track record stretching close to fifty years of sterling performances. Miles lost his fire and turned to rock funk. Trane went so far out he was thinking it was time to come back as he noted in a conversation with Monk shortly before his untimely death. But Sonny just keeps on developing and blowing without ever forgetting his roots. Colossus is proof of just how good Sonny can be and how approachable he remains while attaining his goal.s

About the flaw in Track 4 "Moritat":  It's not a defect in the CD, and it's not a skip in the master, either.  It's distortion.  Shortly before the distortion there's a drop-out in the tape.  I checked this track on the Prestige Profiles Sonny Rollins release, and the distortion isn't present on that version.Bear in mind this album was recorded in 1956.  If you listen to these old jazz albums with high-quality headphones, you'll find the tapes have all sorts of flaws.  I was listening to a track on a Grant Green album that had some strange ping-pong dropouts, making me wonder if it would get through the song.  It did, but barely.How the tapes were stored is very important.  This remastering was done in 2006, 50 years after Rollins laid down the tracks.  I'm not an LP enthusiast, but I think the original LP, mastered when the tapes were fresh, would sound better than digital mastering, regardless of the care that went into remastering.  Using original master tapes of older material might not always be the best decision in terms of sound quality.  The engineers should pick the best sounding tape of the track, not necessarily the master.  A later generation tape could sound better and be in better condition than the original master tapes.As far as the music is concerned, Rollins, Flanagan, Watkins, and Roach were masters of their art.  This is one of the most significant jazz recordings of the 1950s, and RVG did the best he could.  There's a reason collectors pay high prices for original LPs.  We're lucky to have as much of this stuff as we do.

Don't mind other reviews that place Rollins at at position behind Coltrane and Miles in skill and relative importance. Rollins, who is far too different stylistically from Coltrane and Miles to compare, has been utterly successful at producing the most melodic and thematic jazz of its history. "Saxophone Colossus" is a MASTERPIECE, and without a doubt is as perfect a jazz album as "Kind of Blue" or "Blue Train." Each song contributes proportionally to produce a versatile, impressing, and beautiful album. For those who would like to get into jazz, they should first delve into this Rollins album even before "Kind of Blue", because patience is required for jazz, but less so for Rollins and than for Miles. I also recommend the film about Rollins that goes by the same title.

The words inwhich I used to title my review, essential, classic, masterpiece, have all been manipulated to a certain extent but those words perfectly describe "Saxophone Collosus". Sonny rollins, aside from being a great saxophonist, was the kind of jazz musician who played the kind of jazz that people could really listen to. I don't mean Smooth, but understandable to a point where the average music fan, who likes all kinds, would listen to "Saxophone Collosus" and like it. Many mid to late sixties records from other labels like Impulse! or Bluenote were very obscure sounding and only few dedicated listeners could sit down and enjoy listening to them.Joining Rollins is the impeccable rhythmn section of Tommy Flanagan (piano), Doug Watkins (Bass) and Max roach (Drums). The Opener, "St Thomas", is a Rollins original and probably his most catchy sounding tune. He had previously been saxophonist in the Clifford Brown/Max Roach quintet where he and Roach developed a strong musical relationship, this may be some of their finest work together. "You don't know What love is" is a slow and very tasteful ballad, it has to be Sonny's best interpretation of a slower standard. Next is the upbeat "Strode rode" where Flanagan and Rollins get into the heavy groove. The latter 2 tracks are "Moritat" also known as "Mack the Knife", and "Blue seven" a medium groove blues. Both range over ten minutes long and provide plenty of solo space for everyone.This is an Essential, Classic, Masterpiece, with great bebop playing from Rollins and Co. Sometimes albums can get over-rated, not this. Five notes for Sonny Rollins greatest effort.

From totally original albums like The Freedom Suite to the more standard and lyrical The Bridge, Sonny has always convinced me that he is as good as the best. Even with high expectations Saxophone Colossus just blew me away. Definitely one of the greatest jazz albums ever.

This CD is a treat from start to finish. I like the mix of well known and not so well known songs, and I especially like Moritat ("Mack the Knife") for its straight forward delivery, true to the original rhythm and swing, and a saxophone solo by Sonny that is unparalleled in recorded jazz history. I've never had any issues with Van Gelder re-mixes, and I can confirm that there are a few blips here and there, but I don't consider them distracting and the music can still be easily enjoyed. Fans of sax jazz simply must buy this recording, and I don't see how any serious fan of jazz can be without it. If you are looking for something to broaden a non-jazz oriented music collection, I think this might be a good candidate for you, simply because the music is so much fun. Let 'er rip!

I bought this CD a few months ago and though I liked it immediately, it took some time for it to take its place among my favorites.It's there now, though I can't say what was responsible for the delay. I was not too familiar with Sonny Rollins' work before this, and perhaps it seemed a bit predictable when compared to the fierce music of someone like John Coltrane, which I loved immediately. But eventually the roundness of the sax and the overall quality of the sound won me over.I have also noticed that this is one of my jazz CDs that even my non-jazz-loving friends seem to appreciate, something tells me that it would make a great introduction to either the genre or the artist.Once you get your copy, pay special attention to Blue 7 (track 5), which I think is the best on the CD. Also, if the wonderful track 4, Moritat, seems familiar, you may have heard a very similar version of the song done in the past with the name Mac the Knife.

i have heard strange tales of people who go from birth to the grave without ever possessing a copy of this great jazz album. call that a life? i think not.

Wonderful tunes, well recorded. Sunny Rollins is a great sax player, a very enjoyable CD remastering of an old LP record.

Sonny Rollins has the most beautiful sound on his sax: rich, full, not the least bit tinny.  This CD showcases this sound on some great tunes.  ALL of the tracks are great, from the calypso-tinted swing of St. Thomas to the bluesly ballad &quot;Blue 7.&quot;  Excellent.

No CD comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee, but the first minute or so of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; -- with Max Roach setting up the calypso beat on his toms and then Sonny coming in on sax -- is about as close as it gets.  What a perfect introduction to Sonny Rollins, and maybe jazz in general.  &quot;St. Thomas&quot; is the most memorable performance here, due to the insanely catchy melody, but the other tracks are equally rewarding.  &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot; is a superb reading of the ballad.  &quot;Moritat&quot; (better known as &quot;Mac the Knife&quot;) swings along leisurely while &quot;Strode Rode&quot; chugs along at a more hectic pace.  And &quot;Blue 7&quot; is a blues (obviously) that allows all four musicians to stretch out.  The two guys that really shine here are Sonny and Max Roach, but you can't forget Tommy Flanagan's always-tasteful piano and Doug Watkin's tight bass playing.  Saxophone Colossus is one of the first jazz CDs a jazz newbie should hear (preferably in the crystal-clear 20 bit remaster), and if you like it pick up Sonny's Way Out West as well.

I've tried two copies of this new Rollins (RVG) remaster. The left channel flutters and fades in the same places throughout both discs (e.g., track four, 2:20 - 2:30). I've heard from third parties that this is a problem with the master tapes.  I find it makes the reissue distracting and unlistenable.

I hear everybody been talkin' 'bout this album. 'Cuz it changed the history of jazz music. As to say Sonny Rollins is such a powerful Genius when he's plays his saxophone real well. The best signature song to date from him is "St. Thomas" which I seen from the documentary JAZZ by Ken Burns. I recommend this along with Miles Davis' Kind of Blue, the movie Bird, and the classic album from Outkast, Speakerboxxx/The Love Below.

One of the giants of jazz, Sonny may not have been as innovative as Coltrane, but he more than made up for it with his shear force of will.  This is powerful playing from beginning to end.  It is one of the most satisfying jazz recordings ever made.  Sonny has a stellar group behind him giving this recording a fully rounded sound.  Another must have is &quot;Tenor Madness,&quot; the one and only time, Rollins and Coltrane shared the same stage.

The word "masterpiece" is often abused here on Amazon. The five stars here are often abused too. So much albums are classified as "five stars" that you don't know how many stars you would need to make justice of this true masterpiece, of this true historical and essential album. This is something that could be rightly called "essential" and in the end a true "masterpiece" of the last century which has been so rich of true musical masterpieces by the way. In "Saxophone colossus" what you have it is simply the art of jazz at its highest level of expression. Sometimes history cristalized itself in a single moment, in a single event. "Saxophone colossus" is in my opinion the lucky perfect moment in which Jazz gave probably its overall best. It is the true zenith in Jazz. This happened right in that moment and in that place for some true clear reasons: this happened when the bop innovations have been completly acquired and explored, when free forms haven't already came to destroy the forms, where the third stream wasn't making it, it happened to a man who was a fantastic talent which has been lucky enough to work with all the best cats. It happens on the right label too (was not Blue Note). By the way it is still a fifties album, not a sixties one and this means a lot believe me. Some other players were equally important than Sonny Rollins (some other maybe even more, think of Bird), other albums has been more groundbreaking, other more courageous, other more creative (maybe) than "Saxophone Colossus" but this album is "Jazz". It is probably the most mature and complete Jazz album I know, the most flashing too, and I almost know them all. Some guys said here that Miles and Trane were bigger than Sonny. Sorry, I don't think so. In my opinion only Bird was bigger than Sonny and certainly not Miles neither Trane. Miles was a great charismatic figure, an inventive player, but only a decent trumpeter who didn't have the musicians quality Sonny had (noone who really knows Jazz can think different here). He didn't have a good technique he was not Navarro, Diz, Brownie, Morgan, Farmer on trumpet. Sonny was a technical master on saxophone, comparing them he was a better musician than Miles for sure. Trane was another historical figure for sure and he had chops impressive as Sonny's (or even bigger) but he tried too hard for what I am concerned to reach something new at the time and he did lose the sense of beauty, of balance in Jazz and the sense of "forms" (at least in his final period). And Trane didn't have the "irony" which is a tremendous quality for a musician. He was deadly serious, sometimes terribly boring. Sonny was funny, ironic, ... uncomparable. I love Trane of course, but Sonny is bigger than him for me. I don't remember a Trane album (and I own them all) beautiful as "Saxophone Colossus" so perfect in its forms, so clear in its intents, so creative inside the boundaries of the tradition but able to break them and to innovate too. So enjoyable, so delightful .. and I could go on forever! "Blue train" is great but its not equally perfect, enjoyable or funny. By the way Trane's "Blue train" it is surely another masterpiece but that's another story ..I love all the tunes here because they are really perfect in every sense, but if I have to point out one, my favourite tune would be "Strode rode". It is a fantastic minor speeder, Sonny outplay everyone in the biz here, he played some bop phrases which have killer logic, impressive timing, unbelievable melodical qualities, incredible strenghts. Obviously Sonny's rendition of "You don't know what love is" is equally superlative, a masterpiece in tenderness. It is a painting really. Noone played better that standard in the whole Jazz history, noone. Of course "St Thomas" is another perfect funny gem, like "Moritat" equally ironic and superlative. Well, it's a masterpiece, didn't I tell you? Buy it and simply enjoy probably the best album the history of Jazz has to offer.

This is a milestone album, not just in jazz, but in the history of recorded music. I will never forget walking into a record store as a child and hearing this music for the first time. Sonny Rollins had the genius to create music on an new level; one that took the elements of BEBOP and created a deeper melodic and rhythmic foundation. And the recording of this album pointed to the music of the Beatles and beyond. This is jazz at its greatest and most alluring level. This album rocks, it rolls and it grooves in a way that no other "recording: had done before, and that few have done since. If you want to learn what the hightest art can achieve, you can listen to this for an entire life time. Sonny, you are the greatest. And you will always be remembered for this masterpiece.

The brilliance of this album has been stated many times by people with more jazz knowledge than me.  However I thought I should echo what the other reviewer states here: there are some minor problems with this disc.  Specifically, there is a flutter on the 4th track "Moritat."  I thought I heard it 3-4 different times.  It doesn't ruin the music, but you might be tempted to return the disc.  The RVG series is stellar so I'm assuming it's a problem with the masters.  If that's not the problem then it may be in the manufacturing.  Mildly disappointing...I would like to put in a quick mention of the genius of Max Roach.  His technique on the ride cymbal is revolutionary.  I could write an essay on it myself!  All in all, this is one of my all-time favorite jazz albums.

Without a doubt, one of the five best jazz albums ever made is this 1956 masterpiece. Recorded in a single day at Rudy Van Gelder's living room/studio, Sonny Rollins earned his place as a legend with &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot;. Aided and abetted by powerhouse drummer Max Roach, pianist Tommy Flanagan, and bassist Doug Watkins, the quartet plays with the precision of a chamber orchestra, and swings just as hard. It's not very often that you hear an album where the musicians are so in tune with each other. From the breezy sway of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; to the final notes of &quot;Blue 7&quot;, Rollins and company shows how it should be done. This newly remastered edition finally sounds as great as the original vinyl pressing but without the hefty price you'll shuck out for an original copy. No serious jazz fan should be without a copy of this amazing album in their collection.

You've got to get this one. Before I got heavy into jazz I didn't care for Sonny. But I've grown to love him. He wrote two of the tunes on this CD, "St.Thomas, & "Strode Rode." He also composed a jazz standard called "Doxy"There's a lot of humour in his bebop jazz, but on this one, he's completely serious.It's a combo setting with the great Tommy Flanagan on piano; Doug Watkins on bass & Max Roach on drums. Flanagan takes some great solos, especially on St. Thomas.Sonny shows his great skill as a ballad player. In the business we always say "Anyone can learn to play fast, but it's the ballad that separates the men from the boys." The tune is "You Don't know what love is." Chet Baker used to do it on tpt.(and sing it as well) but this version is much better.OK....you love jazz, you love tenor sax, but you don't know what love is (excuse the pun) 'till you've heard this one.As for sound quality, it was recorded in 1956, but sounds like it was recorded yesterday.......Get it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This album, along with We Three is essential to any music collection.  It's melodic and accessible and just right for either background or full-on listening.Sonny Rollins is a down to earth musician.  The tracks on Saxophone Colossus lack the more esoteric flights of fancy of say, Coltrane, though there is enough improv to satisfy anyone.  I particularly like St. Thomas and the riffs on Mack the Knife/Moritat are superb.This is as close to perfect a jazz album as you'll find.  Listen to the samples and you'll see what I mean.

Needless to say when this LP was re-issued in the 1960's it had completly different cover art. Several other Prestige sessions from 1950's were also given modernized art work in the 60's eg Jackie McLean's LIGHTS OUT. Not only that, they also switched the sides for SAXOPHONE COLOSSUS so that the 2 long tracks were on side 1 and the ballad in the 5th spot which seems to be the correct sequence. Now OJC with it's Original Jazz format has reverted to the original cover art and tune sequence uncorrecting the mistake that Prestige had corrected. - The two 1 star reviewers complain of distortion on Moritat on the later Concord RVG edition but my OJC 1'st CD edtion plays fine.

One word: wow. This album is amazing. I highly recommend this album is you are a fan of jazz. I especially like Sonny's original tune Strode Rode (named for the Strode Lounge in Chicago). If you are a big jazz buff and  don't have this album then your collection is suffering.

Yes, what you have been reading about this album is all true. It IS that incredible. Just one note on the 2nd track  "You Don't Know What Love Is" - I didn't know a ballad can be played with this much attitude and even anger. You can virtually smell Sonny's sweat. The ultimate opposite of Stan Getz-style lyricism. 100 stars.

Sonny Rollins was at the time of this recording one of the greatest and most innovative tenorists. Today his stature is possibly somewhat overshadowed by that of John Coltrane, as Coltrane's individualism and innovative powers are very obvious. In his own way, though, Rollins also made a very important contribution as an innovator - perhaps especially in his handling of rhythm. In any case, he was certainly one of the most satisfying tenor players of his time, with a hard drive on up-tempo tracks, and melodious (never sentimental) lyricism on slower numbers. His phrasing was always interesting, articulate, and musical. This is an excellent record which shows him to great advantage, e.g. in "St Thomas" and "Moritat", though I personally think he is even more exciting when heading the trio on " A Night at the Village Vanguard", as, in truth, no pianist could really match him satisfactorily as a soloist, and he does not need a piano as an accompaniment. - Joost Daalder

I love the music on this disc. Sonny Rollins is a pleasure to listen to. Why only 4 stars, then? Because there is less than 40 minutes of music on this album.Considering that this is a mid-price disc, Prestige could have been more forthcoming and added a few bonus tracks, as was done with other vinyl jazz recordings that were later converted into CDs.The music is just too good for me to be sorry for having purchased this disc, but I do feel cheated on the quantity side. The quality, however, is superb.

The 20 bit K2 coding of this disc is astounding in it's rendering of Sonny in the studio as it makes it appear that he is hiding in your listening room (behind my gear rack, dead center).  It is that good.  I had my  reservations and have not compared it to the JVC XRCD package but it is  heads, hands and feet better than the original cd release.  This is  probably Sonny's best work and deserves the best mastering and premium  treatment that can be bestowed upon it.  Unlike some other premium  packages, XRCD included, the content here is equal to the sonics.  Buy this  one or the XRCD and sell your other one at Disc-go-Round or better yet give  it to a gen X or Y er and turn them on to jazz.

This is the best Rollins album every made. Can't go wrong. It came on time and It's a great gift.

This is truly one of the &quot;must have&quot; classic jazz albums. Sonny Rollins' tone and technique is masterful.  Don't miss St. Thomas, Strode Rode and the classics you see in the &quot;Real Books&quot;.  These are now jazz standards. Every jazz student today plays these tunes - listen to the originals and be inspired.

This cd of Sonny Rollins is the second jazz cd I have ever purchased.  I bought it along with Louis Armstrong, The Definitive Collection.As I stated in my review of Louis' cd, I am a hard core rock 'n roll/heavy metal girl and have never intentionally listened to jazz before...but I think I'm hooked now!  I listened to samples of a LOT of albums before I made this purchase, and Sonny's music reeled me in like no other, with the exception of Louis.After listening to this cd, I am going to look for more of Sonny's albums to buy.  I'm sure his music can turn anyone into a jazz fan...it did me, and that's quite an amazing feat!

After repeatedly seeing this album mentioned as Rollins' best as well as a jazz masterpiece, I ordered it and listened to it several times with pleasure. After repeated listenings, however, I've begun to question the basis for this seemingly universal high praise.Certainly, more than a few jazz critics rate the album very highly. For example, Joe Goldberg, in hisJazz Masters of the Fifties, states: "This LP, recorded with Roach, bassist Doug Watkins, and pianist Tommy Flanagan, is notable for two tracks, Moritat and Blue 7. With the latter piece, serious criticism of Rollins' work began. In the first issue of the highly influential Jazz Review, Gunther Schuller called Blue 7 'an example of a real variation technique. The improvisation is based not only on a harmonic sequence but on a melodic idea as well... what Sonny Rollins has added conclusively to the scope of jazz improvisation is the idea of developing and varying a main theme, and not just a secondary motive or phrase which the player happens to hit upon in the course of his improvisation and which in itself is unrelated to the 'head' of the composition.' "As for Moritat, Goldberg has nothing in particular to say. Personally, though, Mac the Knife is not one of my favorite older tunes and Rollins' improvisations do not make the standard any more pleasurable for me. Additionally, Rollins' bouncy, Carribbean-tinged tune, St Thomas, while light-hearted and with an infectious beat, wears rather thin upon repeated listenings.The masterwork on the album is indeed Blue 7, which I like a lot, but had jazz historian/composer Gunther Schuller not written his influential article, I suspect that it would remain among the many warmly appreciated but largely unheralded jazz compositions from the 1950s.Despite my personal idiosyncracies, still a highly recommended CD for fans of Sonny Rollins and fans of 1950s jazz.

I had to listen to this one several times before I truly appreciated it -- and it was well worth it. &quot;Strode Rode&quot; and &quot;Moritat&quot; are classics; &quot;Blue 7&quot; hits home also.Still, you might also want to consider Cannonball Adderley &quot;Somethin' Else,&quot; and for contrast some John Coltrane (Kens Burns has a good selection of Coltrane).

JAZZ is good for the soul.

Had not listened to very much Sonny Rollins prior,but found this cd simply fantastic...he can play with the greats with ease.This was a pleasant surprise!

Wait until this album is reissued again.  It would be a shame for anyone to buy this and get the wrong impression.  The masters for this reissue are apparently poor on the 4th track Moritat.  Returning it to Amazon won't help, the disk is fine, the master is bad.  Concord (or perhaps some other company with a little more attention to quality control) should recall these, remaster it and try again.

This is really just an aside to the fine reviews already here, but I wanted to mention that this is probably the best-sounding Compact Disc in my jazz collection. It's always been an excellent recording for sound quality (I've owned this in a number of forms over the years), but this Fantasy 20-bit re-release tops every other version I know about. It's really extremely satisfying from a sound-quality perspective. If you want to see all of Fantasy's 20-bit remasterings, go to fantasyjazz.com, click on &quot;New Releases,&quot; and scroll to the bottom of the page (they don't make it very easy to find--I sometimes even forget from one visit to the next where the heck the list is &lt;s&gt;). The whole series is of a remarkably high standard both musically and sonically. Another great one is Gene Ammons' &quot;Boss Tenor,&quot; and Kenny Dorham's &quot;Quiet Kenny,&quot; and....

Recorded the same year as his earllier Masterpiece,Tenor Madness, Rollins hits another one out of the park with this album.The line-up here is completely different from Tenor Madness, with Tommy Flanagan on piano, Doug Watkins on bass and Max Roach on drums. Watkins is a bassist to whom I pay close attention, which makes this album all the more valuable to me. He was Charles Mingus choice to replace himself (so he could play piano) onOh Yeah (US Release), and had Watkins not died at 27 he had the potential to be one of jazz's top bassists.Of course Saint Thomas is the reason most non-jazz aficionados love this album, but my personal favorites are Moritat (also known as Mack the Knife) and Blue 7. However, personal favorites aside, I hold every track on this album to be a masterpiece. Not a bad effort for a 26 year old who had previously that year made a landmark album that would be hard to top.This album (and Tenor Madness) should be in every jazz lovers library, and is so beautifully crafted that any music lover - jazz or otherwise - should enjoy it.

I have had the pleasure of hearing this trak in its entierty, I have never been more pleased with this recording Sonny Rollins holds to Traditional Jazz on this one. you Traditionalists go out and get this one.

SONNY&amp;CREW KICK MAJOR BOOTY ON THIS Very Essential Album.The tones&amp;Vibe Never lets up at all.as Always the case with a Great Album of Any Style A Great Drummer Makes A Great Album&amp;Max Roach Lays  Something on the Skins Here.Alot of Great Styles&amp;Feel Thru-Out this  Album.A Must all the way.

Sonny Rollins is one of the elite, towering figures of jazz history. He is also one of the best and most important saxophone players of all time, along with John Coltrane and Charlie Parker. Anyone who has played saxophone has been somehow influenced by Sonny Rollins. The title of this landmark album, Saxophone Colossus, is a very suitable title. Rollins doesn't always get the credit he deserves, due to the fact that Coltrane came around soon after Rollins' success. Sonny Rollins, however, was and still is an incredibly important figure in jazz.Saxophone Colossus is the album that catapulted Sonny Rollins to this level. This was his first success and was a huge success. Saxophone Colossus remains one of the greatest and most important albums in jazz history. It is essential to every and any jazz fan. The music on this album is way ahead of its time. Recorded only in 1956, this album sounds like it was recorded in the mid sixties. It is incredible that Rollins made this album before hearing some of John Coltrane's and Miles Davis' albums of the early and mid sixties.One of the reasons why this album came out so well is due to the great band. This incredible quartet had Sonny Rollins on tenor sax, Doug Watkins on bass, Tommy Flanagan on piano, and legendary drummer Max Roach. In fact, Rollins sax is the only brass instrument on the album. With the other three musicians working as an incredible rhythm section complimenting Rollins playing, you have nothing else to do but to sit in marvel at his playing.Besides having a great band, the five songs on this album are all incredible. St. Thomas is the obvious highlight, and has know ecome a jazz standard. You Don't Know Waht Love Is serves as the ballad of the album, and an incredible one at that. Strode Rode is another brilliant song, as is Moritat, which later served as the basis for Mack The Knife. The final song, Blue 7, is amzing, easily one of the best on the album.Not only is this an essential album to listen to, but I guarantee that you will listen to it over and over again.

I'm very pleased with this CD. Easy listening, sophisticated styling. There seems to be a gap in my listening history where some to this great music slipped by me and then at a whim I decide to buy a CD and it turns out to be a good choice.

First off, I would immediately recommend getting this album, regardless of how you arrived here.For music students: Sonny Rollins is a master and it is beneficial to the young jazz musician to transcribe works by the best artists and steal their style. It not only helps you develop your own sound, but also trains your ears to the nuances of jazz. This album is chock full of great tunes to transcribe. St. Thomas, Strode Rode and Blue 7 all are classics in their own right. If you don't want to transcribe, just get it to internalize his sound. He is incredibly lyrical and never loses sight of the head of the tune. Plus there are some of my favorite licks in Strode Rode. This album is also a great place to transcribe becauseThe Best Of Sonny Rollins (Artist Transcriptions)contains almost all the tunes from this album. So you can see how close you were in your transcription. One parting word. The easiest way to get better at jazz is to listen to it.Now, for the listeners: This album provides a great entrance into the 1950's small combo jazz scene. Not only is this album regarded as one of the greatest from this time period (great line up, good tunes), but it is pretty easy to get your head around (but enough here to keep you coming back for years). Let me clarify. In St. Thomas, you can hear what Sonny Rollins is trying to do (periodically echo the head of the tune) and Max roach does the same. This album helped me appreciate drummers (never had before I heard Max Roach on this album). Additionally, Blue 7 is a great tune to learn about jazz. The tune has a 'mysterious feel', especially when it is compared to other blues tunes (not sure how else to say it). This is because it is difficult to tell if Sonny is playing this blues in C or F# (tenor sax tuning). The reason this is important is the 3rd and the 7th are shared between these two keys. While the bass player is playing in the key of C, Sonny is (kind of) playing with both the keys of C and F#, creating and releasing tension. Comparing this blues tune to other blues tunes can help you hear what artists are trying to do. This really opened up the world of jazz for me. It moved from just a bunch of notes to something so much more.Overall, this is one of my favorite jazz albums of all time. Get it. Read about it. Learn more about jazz.

&quot;Two are better than one because they have a good return for their labor.&quot; (Ecclesiastes 4:9)Great things can happen when we gather together with people of like minds who share our affinities, our purpose, and our vision. This album is a case in point. It is a masterpiece if ever there was one. It has symmetry and synergy. It is the work of several individuals who, when combined together, created a sum that is greater than its parts.Bringing together all the pieces on &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot; must have been one heck of a task... Making it sound as effortlessly excellent as it does must have been something else altogether. This is the work of several gifted musical geniuses who are nearly perfectly united in the spirit of their music.Sonny is amazing on Sax here. I am not an aficionado of Rollins (I am much more familiar with Coltrane and Shorter), but I could not possibly hope to get more from a performer than what Sonny gives here. It is inspiring. This man combines awesome tone and tasteful restraint with the ability to totally cut loose when the music demands it (compare the smooth sounds of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; and &quot;You Don't Know What Love Is&quot; with the rocking &quot;Strode Rode&quot;).The rest of the musicians here a very solid. Tommy Flannagan (piano), Doug Watkins (bass), and Max Roach (drums) are veritable dream team. Roach in particular showcases his great talent in an awesome solo on the last song of the disc.There is not a weak song on &quot;Saxophone Colossus.&quot; The musical selection is courageous. There was a lot of room to make mistakes here--but this group of musicians did not take the opportunity.  All things are brought together into a relentlessly beautiful whole. The result of their efforts is a recording for the ages.I recommend this disc very highly.

great music. lifts my spirit.

If there is one Sonny Rollins album that you should own then this is it. "Saxophone Colossus" is a real gem and is certainly one of the best jazz albums ever made.Sonny Rollins is a great saxophonist who on this occasion has a rythmn section right up to his level which has not been the case on many other of his albums.I have now had this record for six moths and continue to play it almost every day and enjoy it just as much as the first listening. That is how good it is! It is a shame that modern jazz is rarely up to the level of the legends of the 50'S and 60's.

Sonny Rollins is a master of the sax. This album will lift you and thrill you. If you are looking to set a mood for a special friend, Sonny provides perfect background music.

I am not very familiar with any of Rollins' work, this is his only album I own. I only got it because it was highly reccomended, I'm just here to reinforce that reccomendation. Rollins is full of energy, not to mention the rest of his group. Tommy Flanagan's solo's are a beauty, and the bassist is impressive too. Oh yeah, Max roach, enough said. I love every part of this album, an instant fav.

Not too many musicians could name their album Saxophone Colossus  and get away wish it.  Rollins is able to  live up to the ambitious title and  defines himself as the pore-eminent saxophone player of the pre-Coltrane  era. The music is outstanding and is well remastered.  Rollins is in an  adventurous mood here, incorporating Caribbean rhythms into his music( most  evident on the first track St.Thomas). The other musicians on this  recording Flanagan, Watkins and Roach are also first rate -Roach produces  one of the best jazz drum solos  I have heard. The only reason for not  buying this is if you are in the fortunate position of being able to afford  the 7CD Prestige Recordings box set  which includes this album.

Several reviews here give an educational overview of the album and Rollins. So, I need not do so. I love the 50s and 60s jazz period, but, simply put, this is one of the most important jazz albums ... but also one of the best. The serious jazz fan will both get entrenched in the compositions and never tire of listening to the whole album over and over again. I have this one in the car and can always go back to it anytime - and do. Few albums do not get tiring after awhile. This is one of those.

A great CD. Sonny Rollins at his best. Probably one of the best sax players ever. A great CD with great drum, bass, and piano solos along with the amazing Tenor solos. Highly recommend it.

Having never heard of Analog productions before I was a bit reluctant to spend almost $30 for this hybrid SACD, but decided to try it out.  This is the most impressed I have been by a Super Audio CD since "Kind of Blue".  Very good presence and none of the stridence which can interfere with my enjoyment of tenor sax at times.  Analogue productions has very high production values indeed.  They claim on the label that the high quality of the sound is due to their proprietary all-tube tape mastering equipment with the latest DSD transfer technology.  I will buy more SACD's from them starting with another Sonny - "Way Out West".  I may buy their whole catalog :-).

Rollins recorded extensively in 1956 and committed hours of fantastic music to vinyl for Prestige. His apogee was Colossus. Never mind the lack of irony in the album's title: this was the state of the tenor in 1956. The opening "St. Thomas" is a calypso, performed by Rollins in homage to the music of the Virgin Islands, from which his family came. An opening like that would perhaps lead one to expect a playful record. But what is to come is no mere light-hearted experiment in festivity. Rollins explores territories in which improvisation and composition become indistinguishable.A now famous analysis by Gunther Schuller of "Blue 7" described Rollins' development of the solo as "thematic": the construction of the solo was derived from elaborate phrasing, building towards greater complexity until final resolution, like a formal composition. Weil and Brecht's "Moritat" (a.k.a. "Mack the Knife") gets an astonishing reading, but the peak of the album's intensity might be the dialogue between Rollins and Max Roach on "Strode Rode". The symbiosis is so complete that one is tempted to regard the relationship as structural. Yet for all these academic observations, few great records in jazz have ever sounded so effortless and uncontrived. That is the triumph of this album. Play it again and again, you'll never get enough.

Sonny Rollins , considered by many to be the quintessential live performer, admittedly felt restricted in a studio. However listening to his masterpiece Saxophone Colossus it is clear that he was on this occasion  able to capture some of the energy of a live performance on vinyl. The record is a tour-du-force of Rollins musical vision and mastery of improvisational inventiveness within a melodic and harmonic form that draws the listener in chorus after chorus.Max Roach's drumming drives every track particularly the classic St Thomas. Roach and Rollins trade 4's on Blue 7 and play off of each other beautifully throughout. Tommy Flanagan's piano playing is subtle and perfectly suited to this group.This is my favorite Rollins recording other than those made with Clifford Brown and Max Roach's group.

This far better than the standard cd. Especially in sacd format. I own the original DCC version as well. This version does pretty well in standard cd format. But sacd is a whole new level. You can actually hear the musician talking in the background. The only  version that better was the 24 bit 192 download through a custom built $3500 da converter with a tube analog stage.

Giving this album a rating is like trying to rate the Mona Lisa.  It's an unmistakable masterpiece.  Listen to it and I challenge you to not be swept up in the envelope of that sound.  Reflective melancholy, exuberant joy, each melody a story told with an attitude...or a sense of humour. It's all here.  Rollins sings through his horn while the rhythm section lays it down and you are enraptured.Whenever someone I know says they can't get into jazz, this is the album I play to open their ears.  Whenever I'm down in the dumps, this is the album I listen to to lift my spirits.Saxophone Collossus is one of the greatest albums of any genre.  I've been listening to it for the better part of twenty-five years.  It's part of my nervous system.  I wouldn't want to be without it.

I've just checked out Rollins' bio on the frequently consulted "All Music Guide" (AMG), which in the very first sentence bluntly praises him as the greatest if all modern saxophonists.  Granted, Sonny belongs in that special group of seminal giants--Hawk, Ben, and Prez and then come Stan, Stitt, Rollins, and a fellow by the name of Coltrane.  Moreover, attentive listeners will discover equally impressive, gifted, expressive tenor players if they listen carefully to scandalously neglected musicians like Harold Land and Hank Mobley.But age, apparently, has its privileges, and Sonny has been making records for 62 years, which in itself deserves some kind of special mention (though so has James Moody, and certainly Jimmy Heath isn't far behind).  Moreover, "Colossus," which Amazon currently lists as its best-selling Rollins' date, was recorded in 1956, rather early for a player venerated for his "seminal" influence on the music.Sonny's sound, at least to my ears, changed dramatically around 1970.  Apparently a number of listeners prefer his earlier, darker, deeper, more muscular sound--at least based on the durability of his most revered sessions--most of them from the '50s.  "Newk's Time," "Way Out West," "Freedom Now Suite," "Vol. 2," "Tenor Madness," "The Bridge"--these are the early Rollin' sessions that stand out, more so than the later ones, which featured a tenor sound that was more treblish, penetrating, rough and ragged (Sonny deserves credit for keeping his chops in shape, far more than other tenor greats)."Saxophone Colossus" may be the ideal place to start, a second stop might be "Tenor Madness" (the sound of Coltrane should expain, in part, Rollins' decision to take a 3-year sabbatical from the music), and then it may be time for some of the numerous trio recordings (which require a more devoted student of the tenor, someone not requiring the moderating sound of a piano)."St. Thomas" remains Rollins' best-known composition, and "Blue 7" one of the best examples of his "motivic" approach to improvisation.  And it should not go unnoticed that the pianist on "Colossus"--Tommy Flanagan--was also the pianist on Coltrane's arguably most influential recording: "Giant Steps."  Finally, Sonny (or few other musicians) never had a better bass player than Doug Watkins.  Put all this together, and the result is an indispensable album.[Compare the tempo at the conclusion of "St. Thomas" to the tempo at the beginning.  Whenever musicians point an accusing finger at me for "rushing," I quickly point out that it's not unprecedented--even by one of the greatest rhythm sections every assembled (the drummer, incidentally, is Max Roach).]

This album sounds as fresh today as it did when it first came, which was a few years before I was born, so I'm guessing that it did anyway. Hyperbole you know:)Seriously this is a fantastic album, for folks new to jazz who want to learn experience what the genre is all about this as a good as entry as you can get, for the serious fan, you already know about this or you wouldn't be a serious fan.Dig it.

Saxophone Colossus is a great album.  I'm writing this review to simply let everyone know that the Bonus tracks on this album really just make this a Double album.  Work Time is the other album.  This release does not have additional tracks from the Saxophone Colossus session as a review on Allmusic.com led me to believe.  If you don't have Saxophone Colossus get this disc and have two albums for the price of one!

What else is there to say? This is Sonny's best album.  It is an all time classic.  From the minute you here the opening calypso bliss of St. Thomas you know you are in for treat.  You've got Max Roach on drums, and he never played better.  Tommy Flanagan on piano and Doug Watkins on bass round out the group. Blue 7, Moritat, and Strode Rode are all classics.  I'm shocked that anyone could rate this anything other than 5 stars.  If you can only have one Sonny Rollins CD, this is the one to get.  It's legendary.

I took a History of Jazz course and my professor recommended this album. He said something along the lines of, &#34;This album is a must-have, even for non-fans of jazz.&#34; I completely agree, if you're not intrigued by jazz, you will once you have this album.

This is one of the best ever Jazz albums, recorded by one of the top five tenor players in Jazz history.The other musicians are:Tommy Flanagan - PianoDoug Watkins - BassMax Roach - drumsEven if you're not a Jazz fan you'll know Sonny Rollins 'St Thomas' which opens the album, with its calypso melody its one of the best known Jazz tunes. The performances are uniformly excellent and the sound is incredible since this album was recorded 50 years ago.The track 'Moritat' is in fact 'The theme from the three penny opera', but it sounds remarkably similar to 'Mack the Knife'. Whatever the tune really is, Rollins is never less throughly inventive, as anyone who has seen him live will testify to. This track perhaps contains the highlight of the album, where Sonny Rollins trades 4's with Max Roach.This is one of the classic Jazz albums and should be in everyones collection.

I was not quite familiar with Sonny Rollins before this album.  I just picked it up at the store one day because one of my friends was raving about how awesome of a sax player he was and also because I read that he was a big influence to one of my favorite saxophonists, John Coltrane.  When I heard the first note from Sonny's sax I noticed something that I've never heard in any other sax's tone.  I heard a real controlled rich sound that was truly brilliant.  St. Thomas written by Sonny has a bit of a latin touch to it.  Max Roach first lays out the beat then comes Sonny blowing down the head.  Sonny's solo is just awesome with those octave jumps.  Moritat is a very familiar tune but under a different name, you'll know what I mean when you hear it.  To me there are two tracks that really stand out above the rest, Strode Rode and St. Thomas. On the swinging starts and stops of &quot;Strode Rode&quot; and the dreamy blues cycles of &quot;Blue 7,&quot; Rollins began his solos with simple melodic motifs, and orchestrated them into grand, elongated thematic statements--every note made meaningful by Rollins' extraordinary sense of development and intuitive musical architecture. Any body wanting to listen to a good saxophonist should really check out Sonny Rollins' Saxophone Colossus.

The other customer reviews of this CD criticize the audio quality, but they overlook the fact that this recording is a CLASSIC by any standard. While any criticism of the remastering may be valid, don't pass up this historic work by a true master.

I'll weigh in on the Rollins vs. Coltrane issue.  When I first discovered jazz 30 years ago I fell under the Coltrane spell.  I couldn't get enough of him, wore out two copies of Live at the Village Vanguard.  As I got older I began to prefer the clarity of ideas, mastery of rhythm and melodic storytelling of the great Sonny Rollins.  Now there is no contest.  I agree with those who believe that Sonny is the greatest improviser of the last 50 years, or more.  Every cut on Saxophone Colossus is a jewel.  Blue 7 was famously analyzed by musicologist Gunther Schuller as a model of almost architectural structure in improvised music.  I prefer to think of it as melodic storytelling.  Nobody does it better than Sonny Rollins.  This record is one of the finest in jazz, in 1956, now or 100 years from now.

In Sonny Rollins I find the best of both worlds: the endurance and enthusiasm of a John Coltrane, yet the story-telling capabilities of a Dextor Gordon; and I believe Saxophone Colossus, one of Sonny's best recordings ever, illustrates this very well. What I particularly enjoy about this recording however is the interplay between Rollins and Max Roach. Roach's drumming seems very inventive here, and this recording is living proof that modern-day drum machines and rhythm sampling dramatically shortchange the listener. Finally, I know that many listeners who would like to get into Sonny's work are usually directed to this recording first. Not a bad recommendation, but in my opinion, his 1990 recording &quot;Falling in Love with Jazz&quot; will make you do exactly what the title suggests. It is not nearly as well known, but the musicianship and range of styles seem quite amazing, and it is hands-down my favorite Rollins recording, with &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot; and &quot;Tenor Madness&quot; both coming in close second.

Of all the great jazz tenor saxophonists in existence presently and before, Sonny Rollins has always been my favorite.  I guess I really just always digged his rough, deep sound and his endless array of ideas.  Being that he is my favorite tenor player, "Saxophone Colossus" has always been one of my favorite albums ever since the first time I heard it.  This group (Sonny, the superb Tommy Flanagan,Doug Watkins on bass, and the incredible Max Roach on drums)  works so well together, I really feel that they should've become a working group or at least have recorded one more time together.  Every single track has a different style but are all equally compelling.  "St. Thomas" , without a doubt the famous composition on this album and probably that Sonny ever did, is truly one of the catchiest themes in existence.  Sonny's solo on this cut is truly a classic now and is essential listening for all jazz saxophonists to listen to how to handle a latin tune such as this.  Tommy Flanagan and Max Roach also have extended, very impressive solos which are some of the best I've ever heard them do.  "You Don't Know What Love Is" is a beautiful ballad that became much more popular as a result of this recording.  Sonny's solo, although humorous, has a certain sadness to it.  The somewhat gentle mood is continued greatly in Flanagan's solo and the track concludes in a very emotional finale.  "Strode Rode" swings extremely hard and shows all present at their very best.  "Moritat" (more commonly known as "Mack the Knife") is a very popular show tune that you are probably familiar with even if you haven't heard this cd.  Of all the many versions done of this tune, Sonny's is by far the best.  The album then concludes with "Blue 7", which is the most influential composition on this cd due to the fact that it single-handedly introduced the concept of thematic improvisation.  All four members of the ensemble provide nice, laid-back, dreamy solos that brings the album to a quiet close.  If you don't already own this cd, you probably feel that this cd could never possibly live up to all the hype.  This is one of the rare cases where every good thing said about this awesome cd is completely justified.  In my opinion, this is definitely in the top five most essential and greatest jazz albums ever, so pick it up now if you consider yourself a fan of any jazz or music in general.

I bought this CD in steaming hot Singapore last summer and the Carribean melody to St. Thomas was like a cool breeze that made me forget about the heat! I knew that I was gonna love this album. All tracks here a great. There's no filler.Rollins' tone is impeccable, big and warm and fat.I like Miles and Coltrane because they can go very deep and bluesy in their approach, but I like people like Sonny Rollins and Horace Silver because they put the fun in the music. I can almost see them playing with a smile on their face.My fave track is still St. Thomas... I know it's a simple tune, but it's an effective one. Even on wintery nights I get transported into Island moods when I put this CD on.Definitely in my top 3 of all-time favourite jazz albums, which are at the moment:1) Relaxing with the Miles Davis Quintet2) Saxophone Colossus3) Burrell Coltrane

This is of course, one of Sonny's best albums. I have all his recordings and the only problem with this album, is that the GREAT Max Roach, back in 1956 (when this album was recorded), was still, in my opinion, playing as if he were playing with a big band. Very powerful, which is great in a Big Band, but not fitting in the post Big Band Era.  On the other hand, if you listen to a few earlier Rollins albums from the early fifties, when Art Blakey accompanied him, you will see how Blakey always knew what to play with whomever he was playing. He was extremely versatile thoughout his career. Max Roach, on the other hand, in my opinion, was GREAT, but always played the same way. In the case of Post Big Band Jazz, he just didn't seem to play what was fitting. Always too hard and always too much whenever the bass player was doing his solo. Roach is great, but not with Rollins, and not my favorite drummer of the post Big Band era. Just my honest opinion of course, but if you like it, then enjoy it.

Sonny Rollins' "Saxophone Colossus" is one of those albums that you could listen to 20 times in a row and never tire of because it's just that good. I've owned this recording for a couple of years and I still return to it from time to time. Rollins' warm, round tone makes this album the masterpiece it is, but that's not to discount his group for this session: Tommy Flanagan on piano, Doug Watkins on bass, and Max Roach on drums, who provide excellent support. This is a classic for reason. Want to find out why? Pick this up today. An essential jazz recording.

This recording two years ago succesfully turned myself into a jazz enthusiast at the age of thirteen.  Two aspects of this album have made it a jazz classic.  Firstly, the talent that was collected for this recording was astounding.  The saxophone and drums were covered by the best in their class, with the bassist and pianist up there as well. Second, the sheer feeling and skill displayed on each track, all unique enough to destroy any feeling of monotony.  St. Thomas is a light hearted calypso flavored piece, You don't know what love is is a fantastic interpretation of a jazz standard.  Strode rode is an example of club jazz at it's finest, Moriat a unique interpretation of a European classic, and Blue 7 is a standard in it's own right.  This album is truly a masterpiece.

Just plain powerful and masterful by the legendary saxophonist.  Every serious saxophonist should have this in their collection!!!  I play this CD often and always find something else or hear something else from the previous listening that I didn't pick up on before!

My favroite jazz album of all time.  5 songs, but those 5 are masterpieces.  I even had this album playing during dinner at my wedding, and people were askign me, &#34;Who is this?  It's really cool sounding.&#34;  I told them it's art in it's rare form.

I've only owned this disc for a month or so, after hearing about it for decades. I got brave enough to buy it because I loved the &quot;Thelonious Monk/Sonny Rollins&quot; CD. &quot;Colossus&quot; is great. Every one of the six selections is worthwhile, just different enough from one another to make a wonderfully varied jazz experience. I especially like what Sonny called &quot;Moritat&quot; which is &quot;Mack the Knife&quot; to us ordinary folks. Compare Sonny's instrumental take on this to the vocal versions done by Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald and Bobby Darin (and even Jerry Orbach, on his only available CD re-release of a 1963 album.) Rollins' version holds up to all those others, even without lyrics. Another reviewer calls this one of the top five jazz records ever made. I would say &quot;one of the top ten&quot; but that is still the highest praise. As with so many of the classic recordings from the 50's, this album was accomplished in one day. (Some of them took two days, but they're still pretty good!) Some contemporary rock/pop vocal CD's involve a month in various studios, and still stink. If you doubt the often-stated claim that jazz musicians are the most skilled in the world, listen to classic 50's and 60's offerings such as this one, improvised, barely rehearsed if rehearsed at all, preserved forever from one take or two at the most. Amazing stuff, this most American form of music.

Very good audio quality.  This would be my 2nd best Sonny Rollins disc.  Right up there with mobile fidelity's &#34;Way Out West&#34;

I have never been in love with music before. Since hearing "Saxophone Colossus" for the first time in 2004 I am. His tenor sound is unique and very physical and all but not sentimental. His love of melodies and his melodic creativity kills you like an arrow. His musicality is an experience one cannot put in words. I recommend this album to everyone who looks for an extraordinary musical experience.

While it is undeniable that the catchy theme of "St. Thomas" has made Saxophone Colossus the most beloved work of Sonny Rollins, the album fairly showcases his improvisational genius. As heard on "St. Thomas," Rollins typically begins with cautions and then gradually develops into lyric lines. After the other musicians' solos, Rollins comes back with furious fast phrases before returning to the theme. Among the band members, drummer Max Roach is phenomenal, playing aggressive ad-libs while keeping the beat (especially on "Blue 7"). His interplays with Rollins are also thrilling (especially on "Strode Rode"). The variety of tunes, from calypso to Kurt Weill cover to authentic blues, shows Rollins's broad range of interests. Overall, Saxophone Colossus has remained as the most well-known work of his; being overly popular, it might divert the audience's attention from his true talent as a jazz improviser.

