no more pipes freezing in the winter!

Done the Job, No problem  doing the review, but the  word requirement has to go. Done the Job, No problem  doing the review, but the  word requirement has to go.

Doesn't work! tested as directed, no heat. Glad I tested it before having freezing pipes. BEWARE of this item please!

I bought the heating cable for the water hose on my travel trailer. I wrapped the rubber hose in aluminum tape first to keep the heat cable from burning it then I installed the heat cable over the aluminum tape on the hose and attached it with fire resistant electrical tape every 6 inches as the directions call for. I also installed the heat cable over my water pressure regulator and the water facet since I purchased the heat cable a couple of feet longer than my hose. Then I put the foam tube type pipe insulation around the hose and heat cable the full length and used 1/2 inch wool type insulation over the hose connections and my water pressure regulator including the water facet and then wrapped this wool insulation in the aluminum tape over the wool insulation to keep water off of the wool. Plastic wrap would work also. I put a large trash can upside down over the water facet stand pipe and my water pressure regulator to keep the rain off of all of that which also creates a dead air space that will help keep the stand pipe from freezing.

I have had a pipe that bursts like clockwork everytime we get sustained temperatures below zero for a number of days.  After the initial bursting and fixing of the pipe, I added this.We have had several more days (almost 20 to date) of sub zero cold and I have had no issues after installing this.  The pipe has stayed warm (not hot) to the touch during the worst that has come our way.

I installed this heat tape in early December of 2011 on my crawl space water pipe which froze during January of 2011 (I'm in Vermont). I managed to finish last winter without further freezing by keeping some water trickling constantly but I didn't want to keep wasting water that way.The installation was straightforward. The only thing I wish this heat tape had was a remote sensing device that would tell me in the house if the heat tape failed to come on when the pipe temperature goes below 38 degrees. The light inside the plug only is visible if you get in the crawl space where the pipe is and, even then, it only tells you if the outlet has power. If the thermostat on the heating unit goes bad, your pipes could freeze even if the light inside the transparent plug is on. I would be willing to pay a little extra for this peace of mind. Frozen pipes and possible consequent water damage to floors and insulation which would invite mold later on is certainly enough reason to know exactly when your pipes are at risk of freezing so you can turn on your water to prevent freezing while you obtained a heat tape replacement.I may have to rig a simple coil that senses current flowing through the heat tape and sends the "we have current" message through wires to a meter along with a remote temperature sensor for now.

excellent and reliable. I have bought several of these and have never had one burn out. Ease of installtion just make  sure not to cross wire and leave extra at ends to wrap around water connections that need to be covered.

This, coupled with some pipe insulation, keeps my outdoor faucet from freezing even in sub zero temperatures.  It runs along the copper pipe in my basement to the wall from which the faucet exits on the other side.It's not quite perfect though.  The sensor is about two inches long and precedes the heating element.  This means that the two inches of pipe most exposed to the cold aren't getting direct warmth.  In some cases you can avoid this, but in my installation it provided a minor annoyance.  Insulating pipe wrap was necessary to avoid freezes during deep cold snaps.

JUST HAD THIS INSTALLED WITHIN THE PAST TWO WEEKS.  TEMPERATURES HAVE BEEN IN THE SINGLE DIGITS, SOMETHING THAT BUSTED MY WATER PIPES ON THREE OCCASIONS.  SO FAR, SO GOOD.  NO BUSTED PIPE.

Good product and seems to keep the pipe warm enough to prevent freezing.  Does its job well and would buy again

I have a Mitsubishi split system and the condenser outside has icing problems during snowstorms. this heat cable is inserted at the bottom of the housing to keep ice buildup from freezing and bursting the coil, which has already happened once from neglect on the part of the installer. although they did replace the unit at no charge since they failed to explain the icing problem when the unit was originally installed.

Im a full time RVER and use this on my hose that goes from the motor home to the spiget and never get frozen hose or water when the weather gets down in the low 30's

We ordered this last fall for a mobile home we own.  We have had some bone chilling weather in NY and the heat tape has kept the pipes from freezing.

One of the best purchases I've made! This was the cheapest I could find, I believe I got 40ft for $25(maybe less) which was less than the price for 30ft! I live in Idaho so pipes often freeze.. I put this on my hose going into my 5th wheel and it hasn't froze once all yr(like it often did in the past when I didn't have heat tape) and it's February! Very glad I checked amazon first considering heat tape is SO expensive at hardware stores or anywhere else for that matter!

Kept the water flowing when temps were in the teens and it was covered with snow. The only thing that might have worked beter would have been to drive south to where it did not get so cold. That was how I always used to solve the problem of frozen water pipes and finger tips.

The cold water pipe in my basement that runs to my washer usually freezes when the temps drop to single digits.  Though the pipe is indoors in my basement, it's in a drafty corner.  I bought this hoping it would solve the problem, but I am not able to place the thermostat on the coldest area of the pipe so that it kicks on when needed.  Still have to use the hairdryer to thaw the pipe!

I used this to keep my RV fresh water hose from freezing while on a trip in cold country. Temps got into the mid 20s and the water kept running. Love it.

I had this product for about a week. In that week it kept my pipes from freezing on both days that it was cold enough. After that however, I came home to find frozen pipes.  I went to check out the situation and found that the heating cable had burned up. There were bare wires hanging about with no insulation. I unplugged it and tossed it in the garbage. I don't want this sort of thing burning my house down.

The item was shipped timely and accurately. Seems like a high quality product that should provide freeze protection to my RV water service.

I use this to heat plumerias in a green house in Southern California.  It has worked fine for two winters (although it hasn't come on so far this winter (2014).  It comes on when the temperature reaches 38 degrees Fahrenheit (preset, not adjustable).  I put the sensor end outside of the green house so the plants don't actually get that cold.

wondering if you could put a heating tape in water. I want to heat my chickens water trough that i made out of pvc pipe.

Receive this and hooked it up as per the instructions and it never worked.  Seller refunded my money and I had to discard the item.  I really wished this had worked.

I am in Northern Afghanistan and the PVC pipe that supplies the clinic I manage is exposed to the elements.  It was covered with insulation but that was not sufficient to keep the water running when it was consistently 20 degrees Fahrenheit.  Trying to run a medical and dental clinic without water does not work, especially when we have patients admitted overnight for observation and a need for bathroom facilities.  Once the heat tape arrived I had it installed and the water was running almost immediately after installation.  We have not had any problems since then.  I am very satisfied with the product.

Works great and it working fine on my fith Wheel in Prescott Arizona...was quite a job to install with the wrapping and taping and insulation around the hose and all but it working fine in the snow here in Prescott.......

I would recommend this product. It is easy to use and install, simple instructions and seems to be working in temperatures in the low teens.

As an electrician have put in thousands of feet of this stuff,but for home use,this matches up with the best of them

The product was easy to install and worked great. It was just the correct length and did not have to worry with any type of connections. It was basically plug and play.

This cable was first, hard to find, and second, easy to install.  By the time we got it, the cold was over.  We are looking forward to next year.  This was a gift for my daughter and her kids.

Keeps my outdoor pipes from freezing.  Good quality.  Easy to install.  Does what it's supposed to do.  Nothing more to say.

I ended up reinstalling my original heat tape after fixing a burst pipe with a neat product called a 'shark-bite' but waiting too long for this heat tape.Many neighbours also had pipes freezer and burst during a stretch with sub zeroF temperatures this last winter. (No wonder they renamed 'Global Warming' as 'climate change' !)The vendor was listed as an Eastern company, but in the middle of a sub-zero cold streak, they shipped this to me in CT. from a west coast address, delaying it for a number of days, and arriving  days after I really needed it.I would have bought this type item locally but this length isn't commonly available, most found at big box stores were 6 or 12 feet, and they warn against mismatching the pipe and heat cable length .I did save on $100 or more for a plumber visit by finding the 'shark-bite' easy repair item for about $10 at a big -box store. Check it out online if you have old copper pipes, especially in an unheated crawl space. You'd also need a cheap pipe cutting tool available for a few dollars from any hardware store.It also helped to wrap more insulation around the pipe and heat tape, though some heat tape may suggest caution in doing that due to possible overheating or fire risk.

Item exactly as described. Good price for 2 cables, cheaper than what I could find in stores. Decent shipping time. They are hooked up and ready for this Midwest winter!

The support team was stellar and the product really works. External pipe used for my sump pump was freezing until I put this wire along side the PVC pipe. Now, water flows without backing up the pump.The better side of this is the support team of Jensen Distributing. Somehow I chose 1 day shipping when I thought I chose the normal 5-7 day. The cost was extremely high since I was paying twice the amount for the product in shipping costs. The company credited back the amount with no questions asked. I was very impressed, the truly know how to take care of their customers!

The product worked for one winter, this winter we plugged it in, lights came on and no heat so the pipes froze up. A nasty expense and trouble. We won't use this brand again or tell anyone to use it.

When I found this product on line, I was impressed by the description.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  When it arrived, I was impressed by the quality.  Now I am just happy with the way it works.

Easy Heat Cold Weather pipe heat cable 40ft came as advertised and was priced very good. Locally this brand sells at a premium for a smaller length cable. I went online to Amazon and found this 40ft to replace one that was bad, hopefully I won't be replacing this one for years!

this product works great it does the job the way it is suppose to. i put it around my water pipes and that stoped them from freezing up

I have used heat tapes on pipes, but this unit has a thermostat built in to the system. I needed to protect a cold water line in an unheated garage where I have had problems with  freezing of either the  drain pipe or water supply and valve. This was just the best solution and was the optimum length. Installed in short period of time and now I can relax and not fear a watery mess when  we get sub zero outside temps.

The Easy Heat tapes are great.  We got them in just in time for this last cold weather snap.  Wonderful product!  Wish they made one as easy to lay down your driveway without having to cover them up.

We recently experienced a terrible cold snap.  For several weeks the temp did not get above freezing and got down to the about -2 a couple of times.  I applied this straight to a premium hose from Camco, did a quick wrap with pipe insulation and hoped for the best.  This heat tape did the job, my hose never froze.  We did keep a slow trickle of water running also though.  I have learned in the past though that in very cold weather that trickle alone will not keep things from freezing during the night.The instructions say not to use on water hoses but many Rvers do anyway.  Some recommend that hose be wrapped in foil tape first so the heat tape is not directly on the hose.  This is probably not a bad idea.  NIght was coming on and it was getting colder so I did not take this extra step but probably will next time.Be sure to order enough heating cable to cover your hose AND the spigot.I'd buy this product again.

This product was intended to be wrapped around water pipes, tanks, and valves at a water well to protect from freezing, but the cable could not safely be crossed over other loops of the cable; therefore, I could not use for the intended purpose.

I installed it and tested it.  But, we have not had a very cold winter.  So I have even had to use it yet.  I am confident that it should work.  Maybe next winter.

We live in the country, have our own well, and always worry if the pipes are going to freeze. The pipes at the well and tank froze this year and were told about pipe wraps. They are very easy to put on the pipes..about 15 minutes and when the temp drops to 38 degrees (comes with thermostat) they come on. Wish we had found these a long time ago.

The construction and application of the Cold Weather Pipe Heating Cable was top notch. The price was reasonable.  Shipping was a little slow considering I paid extra for a quicker delivery.  All in all this product met all standards and requirements for our needs.

Just what I was looking for. Going to wrap around my outside automatic dog water container to keep from freezing.

I bought this to replace a stretch of much older heat tape I've used to keep a poorly insulated pipe from freezing - running from outside faucet to a crawl space next to indoor fixtures. With the plug, I can easily do the installation myself, and the length is short enough I don't have to figure out what to do with the excess tape. I hope it lasts as long as my old tape did.

I put this heat tape around an RV water hose and then put insulation around that as the RV park instructed me.  It can get below zero here so I figured this wasn't overkill and they'd know what they were doing.  The heat tape melted my hose!  I fixed the hose and attached only the tape itself with no foam insulation - perfect!

Seems to work.

I wanted to build a cold frame for my flower and garden seedlings. I contacted an engineer at Emerson (the company), and I never heard anyone so negative on trying something like using this as a heat source. It works great--the cold frame cover is an old replacement window, double pained. I cut a piece of plywood just smaller than the window dimensions, made a &#34;box&#34; out of some old 2X12's, and found I wanted a 40 foot length of the heat cable---spaced 3&#34; apart.I used large staples that were wider than the cable, and nailed the cable to the piece of plywood, also had about a half inch of &#34;opening&#34; to the ground for watering. The thermostat button, I exposed to the air temperature in the cold frame.This is a great heater, should last many years. I am amazed at companies like Emerson Electric for their lack of vision. I have so far experienced temperatures down to 19 degrees, with that cable keeping the box temperature at 47 degrees; the stated max on the enclosed thermostat.

arrived quickly and as promissed. great price. won't have a chance to test the unit until winter, but not worried about that, has a good warranty, and really nothing that could go wrong with it; no mechanical parts. happy with transaction.

Well, it heats up, it keeps my hose and pipe junction thawed, and it works well at sub-zero temps.  If the pack rats didn't find it so tasty for some obscure reason I'd give it 5 stars.

this awesome !  I just wrapped it on the water hose outside my travel trailer and it has worked great.  It doesn't use much electric and does just what it hs claimed to do.  Keep the hose from freezing.  I have had 2 nights of freezing temps now (in TEXAS) and it is keeping it working fine.

easy to work with and install. Have not had cold anough weather to see if it works. So far so good.

I have been searching for information about this cable pertaining to what temp it turns itself on, after reading the reviews stating that it doesn't say in the directions. I have found what I was looking for at the manufacturer website. Which states:The thermostat turns the heating cable on whenexposed to temperatures below 38F. It will shut the heatingcable off when the pipe has been heated to a temperature ofapproximately 45F.I found this information from this link. [...]I hope this helps any who are curious.I haven't used this product yet, but have purchased it.

Is that -380 C or -380 F?  I've been looking for a good, economical solution to thermal management issues on my hydrogen fuel lines for those 'near' absolute zero nights in deep space.  If it's -380 F, this obviously won't cut it!

Works great and was cheaper then the store because they dont stock one this long there for i would have to buy 2.

I needed to keep a 75' hose from freezing. This worked well and I have no complaints. I also put this inside foam covers which helped as well. Great product.

Looks great and like it will work well for my outdoor water pump lines.  We will see when it freezes

Caught fire going over my porch good thing it was wrapped around a water hose or my camper would have burnt

A perfect length for a shorter pipe!!  From the reviews, it looks like Easy Heat is the brand of choice.

There is only one little niggling drawback to this product - it MUST have electricity to work!  My brand new mobile home was installed using this product but, unfortunately, the doofus who wired the trailer when it was being built forgot one tiny little detail, and that was to CONNECT THE WIRES THAT FEED THE RECEPTACLE THAT IT'S PLUGGED INTO!Anyway, once I took care of that little detail, all is well.  It only took about an hour to completely thaw my frozen-solid 20-foot inlet water line in sub-zero temps.  Can't ask for more than that.

I use the to keep the condensate lines from my gas heater from freezing. I have a second unit on another part of the line.

It was easy to install!!  Works great so far!!  Had some pretty cold nights and worked well with no frozen pipes!

of the 3 i bought 1 lasted and still worked thru the winteri,,dont recomennd this type of product if you dont want broken pipes

Re easy heat ahB-30.this was not the cable .2 i needed one to go inside my sump line which is under ground this cable cannot even be buried.I find there is not enough info about your cables.Regards Keith!

It has been very cold. In the single and below zero temps. I got heat tape for my camper, it works like a dream no problems what so ever

very easy to install and with the lighted plug no question about it being powered up. Makes for a nice, neat installation that you don't need to worry about in the harsh winter temperatures.

Some days I get to listen to the other Rv'ers complain about frozen water, not me!  I have running water!

It's just what I wanted thank you it was perfect price was good also easy to install hope it last as long as my first 12 years

ARRIVED ON TIME. LOOKED AND INSTALLED AS EXPECTED. HAD COLD WEATHER NEXT DAY AFTER INSTALLED. TAPE WORKED AS EXPECTED FOR ONE WEEK AND SHORTED OUT, FAILED, TRIPPED GROUND FAULT BREAKER. UNPLUGGED HEAT TAPE AND CIRCUIT OK. WEATHER TOO INCLEMENT TO INSPECT TO DATE.TOO COLD,ICE, & SNOW NOW. HAVING TO LET WATER RUN TO KEEP FROM FREEZING.

I really don't know if it is one star as we didn't use it as it was the wrong sized cable.Within an hour of making this purchase I realized I did not order the right thing and tried to cancel it. Amazon said they would put my request through to the company and I never heard back, was charged for the cable and it was sent. My next move is to try to return the item.

This item was selected in part due to price.  Better then I was able to find at any local hardware or supply store.  With the build in thermostat  made it maintenance free.  Easy to install, just wrap the pipes and cable tie at the end.

Most websites have only the 9' and longer sizes shown as available. This is erroneous! Sizes as small as 3' long are made. I didn't know this until receipt of the product bought, and the package was opened. My need is the 3' length, not 9'! So now I'm stuck with a product I don't need, and have to buy direct from the mfr. to get the size I really need. This is a great dis-service to we consumers.

incomplete technical advice.  this would not work for my application once I went to the manufacturer website and read the specs.

I ordered two of these guys, upon receipt I plugged them in to try the out since it is getting warm outside but today was below freezing in Colorado. Well, one worked great and one didn't do a thing. I guess 2.5 stars would be appropriate but lets round up to 3.

I was pleased with the speed of the delivery and the tape appears to be everything I was hoping it would be. I am very satisfied.

Absolute necessity for those living in a trailer park. I purchased the product for my RV. It works better than stated.

I was confused by the description and ordered the wrong item.  My bad...I did not know there was a restocking fee if returned.  I assumed since it was Amazon I did'nt have to worry about that.  Nowhere did it say there was a restocking fee.  By the time I paid shipping it was hardly worth the trouble...  It was totally my error.  Next time I will be more careful where it is coming from.

It hasn't been cold enough to use this yet, but I did install it.  The directions say to keep the cable off the ground, but I wanted to use it on a pool pipe that was sitting on the ground, so I ran it along the side.  You do need a few extra items before installing this.  First, it says to wrap the pipe in aluminum foil if installing on plastic pipe (I didn't do this since the pipe is black and I figure it'll absorb heat just fine).  Next, the cable has to be secured to the pipe every 6 inches with electrical tape rated at least 80C.  After that, you're supposed to wrap it in up to 1/2" fiberglass pipe insulation.  Finally, you wrap the insulation in waterproofing material.  I ended up needing a little under 50 feet of 1/2" fiberglass insulation wrap to wrap 12 feet of 1.5" pipe with 2 90 degree elbows and 2 large shut off valaves.  The insulation was about $7 at Lowes and included plastic wrap to waterproof it.  You will need some duct tape to secure the plastic in place.For those wondering about the specs, the directions say the thermostat will kick on at 38F and turn off once the pipe is heated to 45F.

Be advised that the specification literature for this product does not specifically state that the "thermostat" is non-adjustable, and does not state at what ambient temperature the thermostat opens the electrical circuit that energizes the heat tape (creating heat).  Additionally, the specifications do not state the maximum temperature that the heat tape emits when energized.

Easy Heat AHB-140 Cold Weather Valve and Pipe Heating Cable, 40-Feet  SO FAR IT HAS WORKED GREAT WOULD BUY AGAIN.

I use this item to to keep a water supply hose for my motorhome (in which I reside) from freezing up during Winter low temperatures. The hose and cable are taped together and wrapped in standard pipe insulation. It works perfectly- does not overheat the hose or fail to prevent freezing. Recommended.

Solved my frozen pipe issue within an hour of installing. Also dont forget to insulate around this. Preferably with aluminum back insulation tape.

worked pretty well for a year than sort of just melted, but the problem might have been I had two pieced of it touching each other and it fuzed together, did a good job when it was working

Heat tape is a great way to keep your pipes from freezing.  It also provides a fast way to burn your house down if you install it improperly.  Consumers frequently install the heat tape and then wrap the pipe in fiberglass insulation, which is fine, PROVIDED it doesn't have a paper or cardboard backing.  You wouldn't wrap a 60W light bulb in paper backed glass, would you?  Use unbacked fiberglass.  Don't create hot spots by spiral wrapping the tape.  Follow the directions -- buy several rolls of electrical tape to mount it, not duct tape, which often debonds when heated.  Grounded, thermostatically controlled heat tape is a lot safer than the old, 2-wire stuff.  Install it correctly and you'll avoid frozen pipes AND a visit from the fire department.

I used if on our Horse's water trough to keep it from freezing, and it is doing a fine job during our 15 degree below zero nights.  Needless to say, the trough is insulated too.  No ice at all.

Showed up just as advertised and was easy to install.  This should do the job and keep my well piping from freezing.

Used this on the water hose for my RV while camping in the snow. Great product. Took 2 people to get it on tight, but did the trick. Other campers' lines were freezing every night, mine stayed nice and warm. Had some extra to wrap around the faucet too. Was a long process - going to keep it on that water hose and make it my "winter hose". Worked fine with a PVC (or rubber - whatever it is called) drinking water hose - didn't melt it or get too hot. Shipping took quite a while but I got it just in time.

We have had a very cold winter! I know longer worry about my pipes freezing, this heating cable has done its job.

Great product!  Keeping my well water liquid for the Winter 'till I get around to digging a new ditch.  Used it on 1-1/4" industrial hose with no problem in spite of manufacturer's warning.

I will have to check with my daughter to find out how this worked. I have not had to repair a broken pipe since i gave it to her, so this is a good sign......

This is a good product and it makes significant heat for your pipes. But do not buy one as long as your pipes! The instructions (not found in the sales page) tell you to keep it away from buildings (by about 12&#34;), never let it overlap itself, and never let any part of it be out of contact with a pipe. It says that it will keep a pipe warm about 3' past its ends, which gives you some leeway. This means that if your pipe comes out of a wall and is 12 feet long, then you should buy the next size down, a nine footer. When you install it leave a foot and a half of pipe hanging off each end. Finally, insulate the entire length of the pipe over the heater tape.

Never worked= my night crawlers nearly froze- Even put it into the freezer and still never turned on=- Yuck= terrible

Great! Hard to find short ones under 6' in stores. Just used electrical tape to tape it to the pipe every 6 inches, wrapped insulation around it to hold the heat in, then taped a clear plastic trash bag around the insulation to keep the insulation dry. Just be sure to place the thermostat in the cord against, not away from, the pipe.

I purchased 6 of these for my ranch cabin and for my home.  All 6 are of different lengths ranging from just a few feet to 40 feet.  One day, I was doing some work and had one of the heating cables laying to the side.  The next morning, it was below freezing so I decided to check to see how warm the cable was.  It was cold.  the light on the plug was on so I knew it was supposed to be on.I then checked the other cables, and none of them were warm at all.  I then took one of the cables, put it in my freezer and several hours later checked on it.  It wasn't warm either even though the light on the plug was on.Don't waste your money.

This prouduct is a heater designed to keep pipes warm during winter. I installed the wiring around my pool pipes, and then insulated the wire heater along with the water pipe as suggested in the installation instructions. The heater and insulation combination are doing a fine job and have protected my pool piping from freezing in 10 degree weather so far. I am pleased with the purchase, the promptness of shipping the heater, and the instructions for its use.

Does what it is supposed to do !!!  give it a 10...........tape  straight down or accross............ directly to the pipe........don,t criss-cross hot cable.......

After I bought this product and opened it to read instructions, it indicated that the heat tape should not be used inside walls or passing through walls. Considering how common it might be to need to heat pipes that are in or pass through a wall, it would have saved me time and expense if I had known that in advance. As a result, I returned the product unused.

This heat tape has worked very well. It was less money tan what I had found and it is keeping my garage water lines nice and snug. It is nice not having to worry about them.

We live in the desert which gets very cold at nights, and we have our watering lines deep in the ground. But the  water values are above the ground and needs to have heating cables. This is better than having old faithful shooting water in the air every morning.

I am using this heat tape to keep a standpipe and spigot from freezing outside the horse barn.  It must be laid flat on the pipe as opposed to twisting it around the length of the pipe. For a long running pipe, this is the correct unit, but be sure to order the proper length.

I liked the construction and the quality seems to be fine.  I set it up for some winter RV'n, but did not need to use it, because we decided there was a warm climate in Texas, so we headed south.  I like the product and will keep it for future use, if we decide to spend any time where the temps drop low enough.  I have used similar heating cables effectively in the past and have no reason to believe this would not work as well.

Not used often here in the mid south, but a needed item which worked well on outside water pipes.

We are still having an unusually cold winter here and my pipes have not frozen since I added the heat cables.  Before I had these the pipes froze and one actually burst.

WOW, I absolutely love this product.  Camper living can bring freeze/thaw each night making it nearly imposable to get moving in the morning until things thaw back out.  Simple, easy and light weight.

I've been using these pipe heaters for years. If they're installed properly they work great.They will last for years if they are unplugged as soon as the danger of freezing pipes passes. .

I just got my replacement from Amazon..... great service on the return..... but this 2nd one doesn't work any better then the first.  Tested them by hooking up an extension cord with 110v to the heat tape in the freezer after freezing it overnight. Neither one turned on at all... even at -10 degrees.

I was having a problem with the propane tank for my forge getting so cold that I couldn't get the propane out and I used this little heater to provide just enough warmth to fix the problem.  Since this heater is designed to raise something just slightly above freezing, there was no concern that it would unsafely heat the propane.  It does a great job.

I am very pleased with the results of my order. The sellerresponded promptly to my inquiry on the order and I would order fromthem again in the future.

I do not recommend this item due to that I feel it did not do a good job in keeping the pipe warm.

very easy to installhas worked perfectly thus farno frozen or busted pipesgreat investment to protect water pipes

The drain line from my gas furnace in the attic kept freezing up due to this global warmed winter weather.  This keeps it ice free and flowing.  No more trying to thaw the line out at 3 AM in the morning.

When it worked it worked well....however it shorted out and almost caught our building on fire, and is 13 days past its return date so not worth the money.

Does not heat up. Installed as per instructions with thermostat button against cold water pipe.light goes on but no heat.

Nothing much to say other than it works as described and is very easy to install with the given hardware. Price is right too.

Using this heat cable to replace a failed cable under a livestock waterer. It works perfectly and has been no problem in sub-zero weather.

