We quit buying automatic coffee makers a while back, tired of needing to replace them every 2-4 years.  We now use a simple manual drip cone-- http://www.amazon.com/RSVP-Manual-Coffee-Carafes-Thermos/dp/B000BUDDTY/ref=pd_sim_k_27?ie=UTF8&refRID=1PM2EQ15C3Y7C9SMBC9B --which works really well for us.  Although you can use a #4 filter in that cone, this is the size filter that cone specifies, and with the larger cone there's less worry of grounds floating over the filter and into the coffee.

My only problem is that I had to buy a whole case in order to get a good price.  And, with a full case, the price was VERY good.  None the less.  I have had no quality control problems with the product and it does what it is supposed to do.

The coffee maker is best used with their own filters - we use it everyday and makes the best brewed coffee we've tasted anywhere.  The price for these filters are unbeatable.

Melitta filters are so much better than the competition, that there is no comparison. There is no taste to them and they don't clog when using fine grinds, as he cheaper ones do. By using the large Melitta cones and manually pouring hot water I brew better  coffee exactly the strength I want. Now that I buy the filters in bulk from Amazon, I don't have to pay the ridiculous prices in the supermarkets and I always have the large (#6) filters on hand.

Ah, raise your steaming mugs to the developers of this product, boys!  Thousands of years of human progress have led us to this pivotal point in history.  The ancient Phoenicians first beat reeds to make paper, and used it to write inventory lists upon, but we have discovered a higher purpose for this noble substrate.  The trick is in the paper, my friends - to keep enough of the hallowed bean's oils in the brew while holding out the grit - and this paper does it.  No more using my teeth to strain out chunks of carboniferous debris from my morning addiction - Melitta, you are truly the essence of refinement.

IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED FOR MY STOVE TOP MELITTA POT.  LOVE THE COFFEE FROM THIS POT AND LIKE TO USE NATURAL BROWN FILTERS.  PRICE IS GOOD.

We drink a lot of coffee and make it with the old style Melita coffee maker. The #6 filter is hard to come by locally so we order it by the case from Amazon, very convenient. BTW, we have a Zojirushi hot water tank on the counter top for boiling the water. Once the coffee is made, we pour it into a regular glass lined Thermos which has been preheated with boiling water. The coffee stays hot and fresh for hours. We have tried highly rated and more attractive coffee thermoses but none have held the heat as well. We get a lot of complements on our coffee. We use Sumatra Coffee from Costco, the ones that have a roaster on site.

It was a big box of filters, should last us a while. Not much more that I can say about that!

I use the MELITTA coffee filters to brew my coffee the old-fashioned way, without a machine.  These filters bring out the best in my coffee: No Starbuck's can compete with this taste!

Have tried other filters in cone coffee makers and the Melitta filters are the only ones worth buying. I found other brands plugged off and filtered so slowly that your coffee was cold before it got through.

Um--they're coffee filters. They are perfectly good, and showed up as advertised. What's not to like? I mean, my expectations were met.

I have ruined many carafes of coffee because the filter is weak in the bottom and the coffee grinds gets into the carafe.  Not all are weak....so I put a smaller #4 filter in first under the #6.The #6 filters cost about $21.00 and with shipping and tax I paid $31.00.  I think 50% of the product cost is way too much for what I got!.  I will not buy from Amazon ,again.I have been making melitta coffee for 22 years and use  melitta carafes and filters.  I have never had this problem!  I was having a hard time finding #6 filters,so I ordered from Amazon.  Never again!  And there is no way to tell if the filter will fail.Beverly Elrod

Other quantities are available at Amazon.  The large quantity pops up by default.  Smaller quantities are offered by Amazon if you preferred.  We brought the larger count by default.  We needed a smaller count.

I have a melita coffee maker and could not find any #6 filters anywhere. With this order I will have enough for quite some time. They make great coffee. I use Starbucks verona ground extra fine.

The No. 6 size coffee filter can be very difficult to find; the No. 4 size is much more common. I was pleased to discover the large selection of coffe filters through Amazon, including my size, No.6, in brown unbleached paper. Melitta is also a reliable brand. The quantity avaiable (40/package x 12 packages = 480 filters) will last for years, but the price is good. The eligibility for free 2 day shipping under the annual plan was a bonus.

Local sources for the #6 Melitta filters have gradually disappeared and this has turned out to be the least expensive option for purchasing them. This size filter of course fits the #6 plastic cone, and it also fits a newer silicone cone which can be collapsed for storage. Unfortunately, there's no brand name on the silicone cone we have so no recommendation here. Our silicone cone does require a bit different folding of the paper cone, but that's not a big deal. The silicone cone also has numerous ridges on the inside which prevent the paper from sticking to the cone when it's wet and there are five large holes for quicker draining of the brewed coffee. These filters are perfect for either type of cone and are relatively inexpensive, even with shipping and local taxes. Name brand, very good price, and it works. What more would a person want?

No more looking in stores to see piles of #2 and #4 filters, but no #6s. So much easier to use than the smaller ones. And of course the price is right in bulk and no gas used looking for them. I like the Melitta system, coffee competitive with more complex methods at a lower price.

I have tried other cone coffee filters and none are as strong as the ones that Melita makes. I use these 2-3 times a day. Great product, fantastic price!

First time ordering these online and I wonder how long they have been sitting around.  I do not know if the problem is a manufacturing defect or age.  I certainly cannot stir the slurry with these or the bottom immediately opens up and all the grounds are in the pot with the coffee.  For that matter, often if I don't stir-which is not the way you make a decent pourover-they still separate most often, and even when all the grounds do not go through, there is almost always at least some leakage.  I bought an entire case and hoped at first it was just the first box.  Alas, not so.  So...do I wreck a bunch of coffee as I continue to hope the next box will be better or what?  I usually pour the coffee carefully back through another filter and try to leave the grounds behind.  But this cools the coffee down and it is just not the same.

The local store where we customarily bought these filters closed, so we ordered them online. They're exactly the same filters and now we have a year's supply.

After years of fighting with coffee grounds coming through in our coffee maker, we've solved the problem by ordering a larger size that is not commonly found in stores:  #6.Have always liked the Melitta filters, but they were not able to contain the grounds throughout the process (12 cup coffee maker). These are great!

These filters are much bigger than the no. 4's available in stores. They make using the melitta coffee maker much faster and simpler.

These are the only coffee filters we use, but the #6 Melitta coffee filters - Natural - are difficult to find in stores.  This is our second order through Amazon -- fast delivery and great price!

Love buying hard to find #6 filters by the case.  Allows for always having some on hand and not having to add them monthly to the grocery list.  Price is superior too.

It's not easy to find the #6 Melitta Coffee filters. My grocery store used to carry them, but havediscontinued carrying them. :( Thankfully they did, coz I found a 12 pack box of these on Amazon for around $19!What a great deal! LOVE Amazon.com! Thanks guys! :D

I love these filters!  They work great in large applications and I cut them to fit my 4 cup maker as well and have had no issues!  Would buy again.

I was delighted ti find these # 6 filters here, they are my favorite, and I can no longer find them in a store

The discription said a pack of 12.  One box of 40 filters arrived.  ONE BOX for $21.60?  Not only was it a total lie but the box had been opened and abused.  I was very disappointed.

These never tear and are very well made filters.  We make our coffee via a funnel that flows into a carafe and these filters are essential.

We always buy in bulk.  I save a little coin. We make our coffee every day and having a years supply of coffee filters gives some peace of mind.

These filter have become  impossible to find in stores. So happy to have this source. Great price and service. I will be a repeat customer for sure.

For some reason, none of the local stores I usually buy these #6 filters at are carrying them any more.  Plenty of other sizes are available, but no #6. I make coffee every morning before work and on weekends, sometimes in the evening as well, and usually it's a full pot. The larger filters are a must and I just hope their shortage doesn't mean they will be discontinued.

They do the job.The price of buying in bulk cannot be beaten.After many drip coffee maker failures it's nice toget back to basics.

I have bought these filters two times and the last case was great.  The first case had defective sewing (or however it was sealed at the bottom ) in every box, so that I had to put some scotch tape on the bottom to avoid fine grounds from seeping through.  However, I am glad to get them because most stores don't carry size 6 filters.

Pour through coffee is much better tasting, and the Melitta filters do a good job. I bought an insulated carafe at Wal-Mart and it keeps the coffee much better than the continuous heat of an electric coffee maker

These coffee filters are great. They work perfectly and are high quality. The natural brown is healthier than bleached filters (the white filters).The No.6 filters are hard to find and this is a great price. Buy more and stock up. Can also be used to filter tea leaves too!

I got just what I ordered, in timely fashion.  Coffee made w/these filters is a cinch.  No heavy costs, easy, absolutely no complaints.

These filters left stores over 5 years ago.  I am very thankful to find them and the price is great.

These are hard to find in the grocery stores these days.  I can only find the bleached, white ones in size six.  So, it's great that Amazon still makes these available.

They're good. They do what they're supposed to. I've used them for years and expect to continue doing so. This is my third 10-pack of 40, which lasts about a year.

Although the price of individual boxes of 40 seems high to me... the price for a case of a dozen boxes of 40 is a real bargain.  We use two filters a day so buying by the case really saves.  The small inconvenience of storing the extra boxes is well worth it. They don't take up a lot of room anyway.We use the Melitta Carafe, cone and filter.  Folding the filter just inside the seam as instructed on the package is easy and removes the stress point at the crimped edge.  The only time I ever get a few grounds in my carafe is if I my aim is off when I'm pouring the water from the kettle.I hope Amazon continues to stock #6 filters by the case - as other have noted  it is hard to find them in many stores and the price by the case is unbeatable.

These filters are perfect.  They fit right and stay in place.  They are the right size.  I would recommend them.

Using this larger size, rather than the size 4 manufacturer suggested,  prevents the grounds from &#34;floating&#34; up and running over in our coffee maker

We have been having difficulty finding this item in the grocery store.  Now that we have a case - we are well situated for several weeks.  We still like having a pot of drip coffee every morning.  It's not only a better taste than single cup servings, it is also more economical.

The smaller sizes are usually available but very seldom are the #6 in brown paper available. This is the 4th time we have ordered this item.

For the Melitta Cone Filter Coffeemaker.  I bought a whole box of them and thought it would take forever to use them up, but it didn't.  I have been getting them at a local grocers for a while, and I think it's about time to order another box.

Thought my wife would like it, so I ordered it without telling her. Now I cannot return even the huge box of filters, so I am stuck with them. She went back to her Mr. Coffee after trying it only once.

Great price, shipped to our door... My parents weren't able to find the #6 filters in the store, so we stock up on these several times a year and they never have to worry about running out.

I like the fact that I can buy a case of 12 packages.  These no 6 filters are hard to find and this way I don't have to worry about finding them for a while.

Wondering which type of Melitta filter to buy (white, Natural Brown or bamboo brown), I contacted Melitta about what difference their respective types of cone paper filters have on the flavor of the coffee.  I got a friendly and prompt response and I understood their response to mean no difference.  So I thought I'd check for myself.  This morning I compared their #6 white and Natural Brown cone paper filters (not the bamboo brown) to see for myself if there was any difference in the flavor of the coffee (they don't make a #6 filter in the bamboo brown).  It was a tightly controlled experiment if I do say so myself, i.e. I was careful about water and coffee amount being the same, brewing time and method identical, etc.  The surprising result was that the coffee was much more flavorful with the Natural Brown filter.  The coffee was heartier, more full-bodied and more natural tasting, as if more of the essence of it got through the filter (although of course no grounds did).  I was not expecting this and thought beforehand that I probably wouldn't be able to tell a difference.  But there was a lot of difference.  Their website says the brown filters are &#34;natural&#34;, meaning unbleached, unlike the bleached white ones.  For the good of the order...

We use these for a couple of the Melita's we have.  Finding a No. 6 is getting to be extremely difficult so I was happy to find these at such a great price.  SUPER fast delivery as well.

I always had to go on a hunt for these #6 coffee filters.  Finally I thought to look on here and there they were.  I buy by the case and save on the each price in the store, and no shipping and no hunting.  a win win for me.  Just one order about every year, and I'm all set.

The Melitta coffee making way is best.  Use these with the Melitta cone and coffee pot set for a great cuppa coffee.  The "Go-Joe" takes the 4" filters but is great for just one cup at a time.

This product has become hard to find at coffee stores and other retailers.  No 4 filters are easy, but No 6 is rare and much more expensive.

So, we did use a French press for our morning coffee for a while. A pain in the butt to clean, but tastes so much better than drip.I read in a meta-study of coffee health studies that the one negative health effect shown for coffee is that unfiltered brewing can raise your cholesterol. No cholesterol in coffee itself, but they suspect that some component of the coffee hits your gut and triggers your body to make more cholesterol. I kid you not. Google it.So someone recommended &#34;pour over&#34;, and so we tried one of the little #4 filters. Tasted great! Every bit as good as French press.Only one problem; my morning routine often involved me drinking two 16 oz cups of coffee. One at home, and one on the road. That's a lot of coffee to try and put through a #4...But the Melitta #4 filter box says they make a #6 filter! But no store seems to carry them. Which brings us here....You could buy just 1 box at a time. I don't know about you, but the &#34;per filter&#34; cost of one box versus a case of boxes bothered me. It's A LOT of filters, I know, but if you're at all concerned about cholesterol and good coffee then really it just makes sense.

Chances are that if you are using #6 size filter, it is being used in manual pour over drip and you are very serious about coffee.  When I first brewed coffee using this filter, it tasted papery and almost undrinkable.  I was going to return the box of 10 filters, as it does leave an unpleasant taste.  When it comes to coffees, I buy green coffees, roast them couple of times a week, have three different burr gringers (Mini Mazzer being the most expensive), then either use Aeropress or RSVP cone to make coffee, as it offers better results than several auto coffee makers I've tried.  Big tip!  Before you brew your coffee, run filter cone full of hot water either from hot pot or hot tap water.  You will be amazed at the difference in clarity of coffee, none of the dull funky aftertaste.  With any coffee filters, especially the bleached filters, I do this to eliminate any chemical residue that may be left.I'm all in for brown filter, as good as any other filter I've used.

I always order my coffee filters thru Amazon.  This size is harder to find and I love that I can get a case this way, and the price is right.  I would recommend this product to anyone who uses the larger hot pots or coffee pots.

These are the best paper coffee filters I've found.  Just make sure to fold over the crimped edges so that the filter doesn't come apart during brewing.  I use the "pour over" method of brewing coffee with a filter cone because most coffee makers do not get the water hot enough for a proper brew.  I brew directly in to a stainless carafe.Unlike other reviewers, I received all 12 boxes of filters.I use this filter cone & brew directly in to my stainless carafe:Copco 2 Quart Thermal Capacity Brushed Stainless Steel CarafeRSVP Maunual Drip Coffee Filter Cone for Carafes or ThermosI use this water kettle to heat the water:Oster 5965 Stainless-Steel 1-1/2-Liter Electric Water Kettle

I have found that the brown filters take a slightly longer time to filter than the same model white filters. Not that this is a big deal, I am just interested what the difference is and why have 2 colors at all. I will order white filters in the future.

I ordered this huge box of filters because my wife couldn't find a reliable supply locally. So, now we have a lifetime supply which is great if you have the storage. It's like Costco on steroids. You cold sell half the box on Ebay if you have the time.

For some reason, #6 filters have vanished from the shelves of all of my local grocery stores. It might be shelf competition and making room for the new "singles" coffees. But still, several months at 3 different chains and 2 stores of each and no #6. Very odd. So it was very nice to find this stock and its reasonable price.

I first purchased these from Amazon several years ago, and that case of filters worked, but they were all slightly defective in manufacture, and unless you were very careful, the seam would easily separate, allowing unfiltered coffee to pass through.Roughly a year ago, I purchased a second case, and now the new ones work perfectly, so clearly Melitta were able to fix the problem in manufacturing.So, once again, I can recommend these as perfect for your #6 coffee filter use.

It is hard to find this #6 size filters in any local store.  We are glad to be able to order them from Amazon at a very good price.

These filters are great, make for natural tasting coffee, even without first flushing water though them.Clogs might happen, but it's preventable. I suggest using a burr grinder and/or sifting your coffee grounds before use in these filters, if not, it shouldn't give you too much trouble.Overall, great price for the number of filters. Also, coffee turns out with a pure taste as compared to using bleached filters.

The product was exactly what I ordered and meets my expectations. It fits my filter cone and now I have enough for two years of coffee.

We use a buncha' these filters. They work like they should at a great price.

Why are these not available in my local grocery stores ??  They seem to think everyone needs size 4 - Almost never see size 6 on the shelf.  So buying a whole case of these made sense for me.

Effortless way to find the rare #6 Melitta filters. They just aren't available in my local grocers. It's like having a savings account for coffee filters. Back up and running enjoying my morning cup of joe for another year!

Don't want to reveal how long I have used these coffee filters, as you would hen know that I am ancient.  Needless to say, this is the very best method to make fool proof and perfect coffee every day, and I love them!

I've been using these for years and always bought them at my local grocery stores.  For some odd reason as time went by all of the grocery stores in my locale have quit carrying them.  I was very please to find them available on Amazon, and at such a reasonable bulk price.  I'm a repeat customer for this product.

Fast shipping item has described, what more could one ask for. Beats the hell out of the grocery store priece :-)

The number 6 coffee filters have become almost impossible to find at a retail outlet.  So, I bought these on line.  The transaction went fine and the product met expectations.

I make pour over coffee. My pour over takes #6 coffee filters which, for some reason, don't come in hundred count boxes at the store. Weirdly, not all grocery stores have them. Hurray for Amazon letting me buy them in bulk.

I recently purchased #6 Melitta Cone Coffee Filters, advertised as 40-count, pack of 12. I received only 11 40-count boxes of filters within my sealed (box of 12). So while this is a good quality product, I was disappointed in the discrepancy. Have others had this problem?

Was shipped only 1 package of 40 and expected 12 packs as advertised.  Very difficult to get this addressed.  unimpressed.

These filters are on the larger size which gives me lots of pouring room for my one cup coffee maker and lets me use freshly ground coffee beans.  This is a large order of filters and you can't beat the value.

We now have so many filters but at this price, we couldn't resist &#34;stocking up&#34;.  Glad we purchased the simple coffeemaker and now have enough filters to last us for a long while.  Besides, adding these filters to my order gave us free shipping.  Couldn't pass that up!!

I previously used the #6 white filters without fail.  These unbleached versions, however, continuously rip and fall apart.  The material is much weaker than the regular white filters

The Melitta filters were exactly what I wanted. They came in record time.  Item has become hard to find locally, thanks for stocking.

I've used Melitta coffee filters for over 20 years and they do a great job.  Not only do I use them in my Melitta system but when I use my perculator, I use them there too.

I have been using this size Melitta filter for about 50 years. Needless to say I thing it makes the best pot of coffee ever. But my market stop carrying the No. 6 size filter and I was ready to panic!  Thank you Amazon for the rescue. Am I the only one who still drinks a pot of coffee a day?

We have a hard time finding these unbleached cone filters in size No. 6 for our two Melitta drip coffeemakers. We have two pots - one for each home - and we make a large pot of coffee every day. The size 4 filters don't make enough for 2 avid coffee drinkers! Our shipment arrived on time and was packed to keep it clean. The carrier who delivered it while I was not at home also bagged the box in plastic because the weather looked like it might rain. That was an extra plus we really appreciated.

heat water, pour over empty filter, through away poured water, put coffee grounds in filter, pour enough water to wet grounds, wait 30 seconds, pour in remainder of water.  ahhh, a perfect cup of joe!

Like everyone else, I have discovered that it is no longer possible to find the number 6 filters in local stores. I do not understand this. I live forty miles from New York City, hardly a wilderness area. However, I was happy to find the filters on Amazon. By combining the filters with another order, I was able to get free shipping.Is brown better than white? Many people believe that since the brown filters require less processing than the white filters, i.e., white filters are bleached, the brown filters are better environmentally. I will go with that. My experience has been that the brown filters tend to break through more often than the white ones. These seem to be ok, but I do give them an extra fold where they are joined on the side and the bottom.

OF COURSE IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT. BE AWARE OF THE NUMBERS THOUGH. I ORDERED SIX AND IT WAS TOO BIG FOR MY COFFEER MAKE BUT I TRIMMED THEM BEING THE MS. MARTHA STEWART THAT I AM LOL.P.S. SAVE TIME GO PRIME!

I am continually pleased with the elegant, simple, effective design of the Melitta system.  And it's great to be able to get the unbleached filters.  The Melitta system is easy, and it delivers consistently good coffee.  You can make a cup or make a pot.  These are the large filters for making a pot.  Great product!

I couldn't find these size 6 filters in any store.  Now I have enough filters to last a couple of years.  The package arrived in about a week even with free shipping and was the original 12-pack Militta box.  This was a trouble free, cost saving purchase, and exactly what I ordered.

What can I say, they are coffee filters, they work great and fit my manual drip system.  I could not find these anywhere locally, so ordered them here and got them in 2 days with Amazon Prime.  For some reason I thought there were only 6 boxes, but there are 12.  I will be good for a while!

I would recommend this product, if you need to buy in bulk buy this product. Price is worth it,very happy I did

Can't find these filters in the grocery store. I like to make my coffee using these filters with just boiled water and freshly ground coffee.

This coffee filter is large enough to accommodate the amount of coffee that was needed for the carafe we are using

It is always great to be able to fill a need precisely. Thank you. This was a perfect fit to what I needed.

These natural brown filters are far superior and much healthier than the bleached traditional "white" filters. The 40-count, pack of 12 price can't be beat!! I am thoroughly happy with the filters and I'm a happy Amazon customer. I hope they continue to offer these hard to find no. 6 natural filters in the future!

Have been using them for a lifetime in various sizes. They are sturdy, never broke. I prefer the brown ones.

good product, been using for years.  makes the best coffee,  easy to use and store.  recommend to anyone old school

These Melitta filters are usually hard to get at my local grocery store . They are the size I prefer and are not bleached therefore enviromentally friendly. I have been using only Melitta brand becuse they are of superior quality cpmpared to other brands ,

These filters do a great job and by ordering them in bulk, come at a great price....can't beat that combination!

Easy way to assure that you don't run out of the #6 filters which can be difficult to find locally.

Great price for very hard to find coffee filters.  The quality is great because they are genuine Melitta filters.  This is year's worth of filters for us.

I got a whole case of these and I have to put one of my old 'bunn' filters below the cone filter just to keep the excessive amounts of coffee grounds out of my pot of coffee.  I'm very unhappy with these filters.

Very poor service & wrong information in ad. Was sent only 2 boxes of 40 when I ordered 24. Took 3 phone calls & online messages,still didn't get them. Very bad practice to advertise and not come through! I could not believe that this happened!

These are the only #6 paper filters we would consider buying for our Melitta 10-cup cone filter coffeemaker.  We have never had a defective filter among the thousands we've used over the years.  However, the carton of a dozen 40-filter packages we bought in July 2011 was almost 50% more expensive than the same product in May 2010 ($28.52 vs. 19.18).  It's hard to account for such a large price increase.  Buying this product through Amazon, while still cheaper than elsewhere, is no longer the bargain it used to be.  The 10-cup cone filter coffeemaker itself is still available through Amazon at a terrific price (less than $10).

I've used the Mellita Coffee System for about 40 years.  I find the system more convenient than coffee machines.If the power goes off, you can still make coffee if you have a gas stove or a camp stove.It is easy to brew exactly the amount of coffee you want, and exactly the strength that you want---including adjusting to new roast and grinds.  You can even mix caffeinated and decaffeinated coffees if you wish.  I often re-use the morning's grinds in the afternoon, by adding a spoon of decaffeinated coffee.  That is not recommended with an automatic coffee machine---because if you clog up the filter, the boiling water could overflow.  No problem clogging up a Melitta filter, if it drains slowly, then pour slowly.In a way, the Mellita system is more "sanitary".  It is easy to forget a used filter in a coffee maker, maybe for weeks if you go on a vacation, and find a fungus garden in there.  You can't ignore a used Melitta filter, because it is out in the open.  If you forget a used Melitta filter, it and the coffee grinds just dry out.Although most people use smaller Mellita filters and cones, I prefer the large #6 system.  The #6 system (filters, cone, and caraf) is intended for brewing 4-8 cups at a time.  However, the larger filter holds more water, and it drains faster, so you can brew 2 cups of coffee with a #6 filter faster than with a #4 filter.  So the #6 system is faster and more flexible, at a very slightly higher cost for the filters.If you grind your own coffee, the water (for 1-2 cups) is almost boiling by the time you've set up the filter, ground the coffee, and put away the coffee grinder.  A #6 filter actually holds the water for about 2 cups of coffee, but drains so fast that pouring 4-8 cups of water through just takes perhaps 10--15 seconds.  The corresponding #6 glass carafe is marked for up to 8 cups, but obviously it takes longer to boil the water for 8 or so cups of coffee.It's as simple as it gets, the price of the filters is cheap, and the quality of the results as terrific.  What else could you want?Presumably, brown filters are easier on the environment---and on you, less chemicals having been used to manufacture them.The specific Amazon product is probably the cheapest way to purchase the preferred filters.NOTEIt is important to take care to pour the boiling water into the filter, not between the filter and the filter cone.  It is any easy accident  to make.  To minimize such accidents, fold over the "joined" edges of the filters so that the filter opens wider.  If you are a particular klutz, a quick rinse with a little cold water before you add the coffee can "glue" the filter to the cone.Recommendation:  After major grocery shopping expeditions, sit down at your computer with your receipt, and check if you can buy any of the non-perishables through Amazon.  When you find items (even if more expensive than you just paid), put the item on your Amazon wish list, and add a note to the wish list of the price you just paid.  Check your wish list frequently, and when you see an item you need at a bargain price, buy it.

While usually the mentality these days is to hurry, hurry, hurry, with drive thru coffee outlets, coffee machines that you can program to have a cup waiting as you stumble out of bed, truly the most excellent way to make coffee is with a simple pour thru melitta cone.  The cone of course is filtered by the excellent Melitta coffee filter.  These make the absolutely BEST cup of coffee to be had anywhere.  The # 6 size in particular (hard to find these days), is the way to go with the appropriate sized cone. It doesn't get any better folks!

I was having a dinner party Saturday night and my Melitta pot cracked, so I ordered on Friday a new one and this filter package for overnight delivery on Saturday.  First of all, I was charged $8.99 for my coffee pot and another $8.99 for the Melitta filter.  Had I known that I would have not bought the item.  Also the coffee pot arrived Saturday but the filter is still not here and shows to be delivered on Monday.  Thank god the coffee pot order contained extra filter, but what good is paying extra over-night deliver of $8.99 for this item if I don't get it?  I should be refunded!

A quick, simple quality coffee-making method: While fresh cold water in the copper (fastest) pot is heating up, defrost & grind your favorite beans. Pour the HOT water over the beans in the filtered cone, resting over a thermos. Settle into a comfy chair with your feet up & a newspaper or good book. YOU WILL NOT HAVE TO GET UP ONCE UNTIL THE THERMOS IS EMPTY! HEAVEN ON EARTH!! P.S. I have tried many electric coffee makers over the years, but have been disappointed in their performance. Let's hear it for low-tech, simple and "green"!!

These are my favorite coffee filters, and that's a good thing because 12 boxes of 40 each is a whole bunch of filters!!  Even at 1 pot every other day (which is about the amount my husband & I go through), that' only 15 a month, & now we're hoping we live long enough to enjoy all of them!

We purchased the porcelain pour-over coffee maker (love it) and bundled it with the correctly matched size of filter (#4).  Because we knew we would be using it every single day, I added the bulk order of filters.  They were packaged and shipped together (or so Amazon said in the confirmation emails), but when it arrived, it was only the coffee maker and one sample size box of filters.  I have searched the website and can find no way of reporting that they failed to fulfill my order, as we do not need to return anything, just didn't get what we paid for.

It is great to have a 12 pack of filters.  It was really hard to find size 6 in stores and they always seemed expensive.  This way I can make my coffee faster for a very long time.  Great purchase.

The stores don't carry filter # 6 and #4 is too small for our coffee cone.  I would have to pour the water carefully, or else grounds would end up in the coffee.

This is the product that broke my dependance on the &#34;Kroger&#34; grocery store chain. Apparently, there is no Private Selection or Kroger brand of the #6 cone coffee filters. Since they have a virtual monopoly of the grocery store market in Kansas, these filters are very difficult to find locally.We now buy these in bulk from Amazon. About once a year we reorder.  With Amazon Prime, shipping is included in the price which makes the cost very competitive.  I can't wait until AmazonFresh is available in my area.

I think the melita system is the best and simplest for coffee...these filters are #6 and hard to find in shops.

I ordered these after I had ordered a single 40 count package to see how I liked them.  They were really great and they work great with the cone and a 51 0z carafe.  I am very satisfied with my purchase and delighted that they are offered through the subscribe and save program.

The design of the filter is efficient, expediently filtering the coffee grounds and large enough to hold more hot water, making the process much quicker.

Thanks, Amazon!  All the major So. Cal. supermarket chains have discontinued the #6 size.  Being able to get them here was a real blessing.(And they make you buy so many that my daughter now knows what she's gonna inherit after I'm gone!  &lt;grin>

These are becoming difficult to find in local stores in this size.  It's great to be able to get them in bulk, and at a bargain price, too.

Based on the price of one package of filters, this case of filter is a great deal.  Just will not have to order filter for some time...

These are getting hard to find in grocery/retail stores, at least in my area.  This is a better price than what I usually get at retail stores anyway.  If you use a Melitta coffee pot to brew coffee then this is a great bank for buck deal for filters.

