If you want an ax that will last till they bury you this is the one. It chops like a dream and so sharp you have to be careful. It's all steel construction so no replacing a handle.

made in the us. awesome product.

Sturdy and well-built.  Highly recommended.

I bought the longer, 26" handled version of this axe  from Home Depot (not the 16" shown here). This American made tool (made in USA or U.S.A.) was designed to last. This axe is lightweight but can easily cut through both wet and dry hard woods. The molded handle is surely the most comfortable I've ever felt on an axe. This very portable axe is what you are looking for if you want to fell trees, split wood or re-split firewood into kindling. However, I wouldn't attempt to use this axe to smack a wedge through big logs. It is light enough to use one-handed for hammering pegs etc. I'm assuming that it's by no coincidence that the longer version of this axe also has a rounded handle segment in the middle that you can "choke up" on to gain better control of the swing for hammering or for close cutting/hewing; it is light and controllable. Although none is shown in the picture, mine came with a leather sheath; all of the ones I've seen in stores do. It comes with a sharp factory edge and sharpens to a ridiculously sharp edge in a few passes from one of those V-shaped knife/tool sharpenersAccu Sharp 060 GardenSharp Tool Sharpener(Accusharp). Estwing did their homework when designing and manufacturing this axe and you won't be disappointed with this choice. It is one of those rare examples of quality better than you would expect for the price.

I've had three of these things. Lost the first one and pretty sure the last one I had got stole from me. They're worth the cost...every penny of them. Decent weight. I carried one the entire 453 mile length of the Colorado Trail believe it or not. Makes a good hammer and balances real nice when you're chopping, plus they look medevil if you got to defend yourself against a bear or crazed mountain man or something.

Perfect axe for household chores requiring a tool like this. Axe is balanced beautifully. Lightweight and easy to use, even for a woman.

Bought this axe after reading a review on axes in a homesteading magazine.  Its a pleasure to work with; balanced and sharp.  I advise everyone to use caution as this axe is sharper out of the package than any axe I have ever worked with.  But perhaps I should have sharpened my axes more, this one makes my tasks easier.

This thing cuts through trees like butter.  I've taken down numerous 6 inch trunk trees in a matter of minutes.  Outstanding craftsmanship and quality.  I am so glad I decided on Estwing.

This this is sharp as heck out of the box, with a nice thin-profile blade that makes chopping easy.  I had to remove a broken oak on my property about 8&#34; in diameter, this thing took care of it in 30 seconds.  Size/weight is perfect for any type of camping where weight is less of a concern than backpacking.  Great for canoe camping, car camping, medium hiking, etc.

On a recent camping trip my friend brought this axe and we not only cut up massive amounts of firewood but discovered that it is a great throwing toy as well.  we had an axe-throwing contest for a solid three hours.  This thing is as solid as they come, no damage to it was realized.anyway, since that trip, i had to have one.  i just bought it and have used it to chop up all kinds of firewood for the house and can't wait to go camping again to create some more good times.

Amazing looking and solidly built product, with the BEST product warranty in it's class... WHY I BOUGHT THIS ONE in the first place, BUT... now the bad. I need this to process wood, to make ready for a real camp fire on many occasions, not just a once in a year deal to tackle a shrub in the back yard that over grown scissors might be able to. By process wood, I mean, after a chain saw has bucked up a tree into small rounds, the splitting comes next, and so the need of a good axe for rounds from 3&#34; up to 12&#34;, so not very large.I bought from reviews, I guess from people that are not aware, all of them, of very small details in axe head profiles that make ALL the difference in making spitting go very easy, even enjoyable, to a hard slug, and an exhausting needless WORKOUT :( ! A splitting axe head which a lot of people said they were happy using this axe for in the reviews, this axe is NOT.To SPLIT the axe head MUST be more CONVEX from edge to back of head, on the side. This causes the wood to actually &#34;SPLIT&#34; without also wedging the axe head into the wood, which this axe profile does EVERY TIME it does not carry through the round, which is very often I am afraid.To CHOP or FALL trees, I guess this axe WOOD be OK... It DOES HAVE a CONCAVE HEAD profile from edge to back of the head.. which makes for a axe head that sinks DEEP into the wood without causing much splitting at all, as well as the WORST PART, trying to UNWEDGE a fully sunk axe head from a round of wood. Now just try that on every chop on a round, 4 times per round, 20 -30 round per fire, say three times a week... lets just say I am back to using a $20.00 special garbage axe, that just has the right head profile that gets the split done almost EVERY time, only bad about a cheap axe, is the steel in the head is poor, won't hold an edge for long. I AM LOOKING TO FIND THAT QUALITY PERFECT AXE ONCE AGAIN!! PLEASE ANY SUGGESTIONS WOULD BE APPRECIATED!! NON WOOD HANDLES WITH HIGH END STEEL HEADS PREFERRED.I gave three stars because BEST WARRANTY, tough built, high quality steel is used, with a nice finish, and one of the BEST head cases I have. All their axes come with these. The ONLY PURPOSE I see for this axe is a lager version than a hatchet to take on a boat trip, 4x4 camp trip, etc, to just chop down trees, saplings, etc.. forget the splitting unless you need and want the extra exercise. ALL of their axes (3 sizes, mini hatchet, 16&#34; hatchet, and the E45A Axe) have this SAME head profile flaw, most unfortunately, or else my axe buying days would be over! NICE EFFORT Eswing, but missed it in the engineering dept for ALL ROUND usefulness.

This is my wifes sight.I've owned this little axe for over 30 years, it just works better than anything I've ever found for limbing trees when cutting firewood. The hollow ground face allows it to bite deeper than an axe of comparable size.I have taken it to the mountains,the far north, the deserts of the west and the hard wood forests of the south. It has cut wood ,roots and miles of brushy fence rows. It has processed wild game and cut wood for campfires.I wouldn't go camping without it

Somewhere between a camp/belt Axe & a "real Axe"Not for major cutting, not enough mass/inertia for sustained use.Great for canoing, 4 wheeling, snowmobiling, dog sledding.For big tree felling (alone) without a chainsaw, get a Kelly Woodslasher!

this is a great item until you get to the blue part of the handle. the blue part is hollow and slid onto the solid well built top end.  i have not used it but i could see it pulling off if abused. however if you welded a steel pipe in place of the blue it may last forever. it came sharp.

I bought this to maintain the single track motorcycle and mtn bike trails I ride (its private and I am the only one keeping it up). It works really well on 4 and 5 inch trees.  The larger, old downed oaks are another story, they are like flint and nothing would cut them.  Some people have noted casting flaws in the metal, but that is silly, its an axe and not Wusthof kitchen knives.  Its a little smaller than a full size axe, and a bit larger than a hatchet.  Nice size for me to carry on my bike but still gives me enough leverage to get a good swing with both hands.  Dont buy it to cut firewood for your home, but to keep in the camper, under the truck seat, or to clean up around the house, its great.

The estwing axe is a serious tool for making fire wood for our Buck stove. I'm a senior citizen and cannot deal with a big axe so this one does the job on small unplit wood as well as big stuff 18" long. I had a small leather covered handle one but would just bounce off the hard wood.This one should last for many years to come. Don't skimp on essentials.Amazon sent it to me in quick time and in perfect condition.

The title may sound stupid but at the time, I was not thinking clearly.  If you are looking to split logs with this, you will get a workout for sure! However, if you are chopping a log in half, or clearing a tree, this axe is great.  That is why I still gave it five stars.  Just wanted to provide a warning to axe novices.

Estwing makes some great products and I like them.  Hatchets to hammers, and now this wonderful 26 inch camp axe with leather snapped axe head cover.  At four pounds it's heavy enough to do some good chopping, great in the log woods for trimming or the other place we use it campfires, just a nice piece of hardware and no wood handle to break, it just keeps on going.  I bought two for my boys and had their names engraved.  They may have been seconds, as they were painted gray?  The engraving was shallow and hasn't held up.  I just ordered another for my nephew and on his I will use my letter stamps and do it myself.  Probably put his birth date on it too, as it's coming up.  A nice reminder of a day someone gave you a stellar hand tool.  You know, I'm gonna order another as I don't have one myself.  Thanks Amazon for the free shipping, you are my hardware store via my credit card and UPS truck!  Go ahead and buy it, it does the job and you will be happy to own it.  I love the cover, never used it strapped on my belt, but It protects the blade and user during transport and storage.  This needs to be hung up or shelved.  We got one wet leaned up in the garage and it wasn't good on the leather cover, still works but it's best not to get it wet.  Cheers. bd

It is not a full-sized axe and will not do the same kind of work as a full-sized axe.  It is great for limbing, gathering wood for a camp fire, light weight splitting jobs, backpacking, etc.

I have had many friends compliment me on the purchase of this Axe, they even have tried to buy it from me.  I told them where to buy it and a couple of them have bought one.  Light weight and just the right size for what I need it for, splitting small pieces of wood to it in my wood burning stove.  I do not use it to split large logs, I have a larger and heavier axe for that.  This is a very useful piece of equipment for what I use it for.

I have owned TWO of these 26&#34; axes. I really only needed one because these bitches last a lifetime but I traveled out of Alaska and had to surrender to someone else. They are phenomenal. They carry easy easy on a belt or in a pack. They sharpen to razor sharpness with a mill bastard file which is super cheap at hardware store. Easy, sharp and they have a hell of a bite into hard wood like green birch and even better into dry black spruce when you need a quick fire. I can, after more than 30 years living in Alaska wild woods needing a good wood cutting tool that was super portable, recommend this axe as a great tool. I would bet my life on its dependability and I have many times. If you are looking for a great lightweight axe to take on your adventures, this is a lightweight demon which will level any and all firewood you need to keep yourself alive and to liven any bonfire you may envision in your camping or recreational vehicle adventures. This is a lifesaver that will NEVER let you down. It has given me too many nights of warm comfort to list here and has saved my life on more than two handfuls of -40 nights. This is a tool that will last you for a lifetime and is guaranteed to save your life in an absurd situation. It also makes a great shelter building tool in a pinch as it really does get shaving sharp. Buy it. It might save your life like it has mine.

I bought this (from Amazon) for my son after I bought mine from a local hardware store. I use a chain saw a lot for keeping saplings in control on our property. I wanted something with a shallow angle so it would cut limbs with one or at most two swings. From my actions you can see I was delighted with my purchase.  I appreciate the quality of the leather sheath that covers the head and protects both the cutting edge and the user!By the way I love the shock absorbing properties of wooden handles, but the steel handle of this axe is really good.  No worry about breaking it and the soft handle cover works great.By the way, I think this might fit the category of limbing axe.  I'm an old guy at 62, but I was raised around a lot of old timers.  They reached first for a lightweight limbing axe a lot like this one.

estwing makes great products and this is an example of the company name. works amazing and the thinner cutting edge provides a better cut than other axes.

Really nice Axe, quality material, easy to use, stays sharp. Husband is working on his to do list now, wish I had bought one sooner!

I love this ax. I bought it to carry on a pack while backpacking and to take on hunting and camping trips. My dad has had this Ax for the same purposes for years now. It has yet to wear out, just keep it sharp and it will last forever. I have never been able to break this thing, and trust me, i have tried. Ive used it to take the antlers off moose and caribou, hit rocks with it in the process, The blade stays sharp for quite a while even with that abuse.

I love this camping axe, I used it almost every weekend all winter mostly splitting wood and throwing at a tree. Not saying that it's the best splitting axe but I have split a lot of wood with it.Also I have thrown it at a tree probably 2000 times, it probably stuck about 700 times and bounced off the tree the rest of the time. Still works! I messed up the bottome of the handle where the impact causes to metal to cut a circle in the bottom but expected.Wish they made a full size axe like this.... 33&#34; would be great

Best limbing and small tree felling axe i've ever owned. You can get it hair shaving sharp if you want very easy. It can also double as a great zombie tool, if you're into that.

I was looking for a jack of all trades, master of none axe that was not made in India, China, or Mexico.  This was the one for me and I am very happy with it.  I spoke with Estwing customer service (Illinois) that day I bought it.  They were very helpful and said if there are any defects at ANY time to take a couple pictures and send it to them to review.  If there are any workmanship issues (having since received it I can say there aren't) they will replace for free.  I can't wait to take it camping.  I've split some unseasoned hard wood with it already and it performs as expected.  Love my new axe.

Excellent tool, well made and easy to handle.  I especially like the metal handle, no wooden one to rot or become loose.  I have used the hammer for years and am so glad to find this axe at a reasonable price.  I certainly recommend it!

Sturdy and light weight, all-metal construction. I couldn't ask for a better product. Thank you from one American to another!

If you live in the woods, or use firewood, this axe is a very worthwhile investment. Quality of construction is unsurpassed, comes nice and sharp with a well built leather sheath that has two sturdy clips. Chops down trees, limbs, can make kindling, and in a pinch will split fire wood. You will still need a maul for some logs, but you need one anyway. Never buy an axe handle again! They cost almost ten bucks and take time to install, so save yourself money and effort and invest in a tool that doesn't need a lifetime guarantee. This thing is indestructible! Pass it on to your children. Another amazing quality estwing product. Support this company.

This axe is as smart as the hatchet I had 40 years ago in boy scouts. Nice balance, perfect size, light weight and sharp! Estwing does a great job with the finish too, and all at a very reasonable price.

I bought this axe to clear out some roots from a bush that was in my back yard. I was able to clear the roots pretty easily (in about 15 minutes) and I feel the axe held up reasonably well.  The size of the axe wouldn't be big enough for splitting logs but that's not what it's made for.

Gave one to my son years ago and always wanted one for myself. After numerous hints went unheeded, I figured that if I wanted one I would have to &#34;gift&#34; myself. Not sorry I did. the thing is bullet proof and extremely handy to have around,

If you are looking for a great axe, this is it.  I had used it professionally before blazing property lines and it did a good job there, but today used it to put face cuts in hardwood trees and wow.  The head is "light" but that is what you want, easier to chop where you aim, and put some real speed into the swing.  The handle is steel and doesn't beat up the user with it's blue grip.But, you will need a file or a stone, it was shipped pretty dull.

Because it was exactly what I was looking for. The condition of the item was excellent. It was a great deal.

It's Estwing, what can I say?HIGH Quality.Excellent grip.  &#34;Hammer&#34; type rubberized lower grip area.About 30&#34; long I guess.VERY nice leather holster/cover which I treated with Neatsfoot Oil.

I purchased one of these axes back in 2006 and have used it heavaly since.  First thing to note is that the blade is thiner that other axes this allows much deeper cuts than would be normaly possibe for a medium sised axe. If you have a strong practiced swing, a 5 inch tree can be felled in two whacks. I have tackled trees up to 3 feet in diameter.It does take more time that a full sise logging axe but the task is not much more dificlt than it would be normaly, thanks to the light weight and powerful cutting blade. The steel is very high quality and dulls slowly. I have only had to sharpen mine 2 times in 6 years.(both times after overcutting into rocks or metal)  As with all axes I own I throw this axe. It rotates well and will hold up to the fource of bad hits. occationaly the shaft just below the head will bend slighlty if the impact (when thrown) is very severe. IE hitting a log sidewase half way down the handle. but just take it whack it on the same objet in the other direction and it straightens right back out.  I have Abused this axe severly in the last year or so because I want a prettier one.(mine is very scrached and stained). I CANNOT break it.  I have managed to get the bottom of the soft rubber handle to come appart from it hitting trees and targets handle first but nothing else has broken.  The Blade will Nick and flatten if you hit rocks or metal but cleans up nicly on a grinder or with a dremmle. Once again I have SEVERLY abused this ax and it still cuts superbly swings in ballance and feels as solid as the day I bought it.Getting a new one this week because I just can't break the old one.

I use this axe to split smaller rounds (under 8" or so), make kindling, and chop roots around tree stumps to dig them up. It's wonderfully ergonomic and has a comfortable handle. It's so well-designed it literally feels like an extension of your arm. It's also well-made, like all Estwing tools. I fully expect it to last a lifetime.

I was given one of these for Christmas.  He told me it was the greatest camp tool ever.  He was right!  I have given one to each of my three sons.  Mine is now 25+ years old and it still in almost new condition.  I take it with me on float trips as we sometimes run into sweepers on the rivers up here in Alaska. I cannot say enough about what a quality tool this is.

This axe is so well made, light weight and strong, it would be great for any one to use, even small women, which I am.  It's all one solid piece of steel and the longer handle makes it so easy to cut wood.  Excellent product!

I got the Estwing E-45A Campers axe a couple days ago and I am very pleased with what I received.  The axe was on backorder for a couple weeks but I was informed of the status of my order several times during my wait.  I am very glad I purchased this axe.  I have used a half axe about this size about 45 years ago and found them very handy when camping and at Boy Scout Camp. Full sized axes were just too big for most scouts.  If they used them they worked themselves to death and would stop.  Then you couldn't get them to help again.  Of course this was when scouts could use axes and sheath knives.  I still have a couple full size axes but wanted to see if these were still as easy to use as I remember.  This is a great tool and is of the highest quality.First, the sheath is old school and made of beautiful thick tooled leather.  The sheath is heavily stitched and has strong rivets and double snaps.  The fit is snug and a very safe way to transport the axe.  It is well tanned but was a little dry so the first thing I did was to wipe it down with neatsfoot oil.  I recently saved a old leather sheath for a 18 &#34; machete that had been in a shed for twenty years with neatsfoot oil it took weeks but it is restored to almost perfect condition.  You don't see much neatsfoot oil around today.The axe blade is beautiful and just the right size for my uses now. The edge was rolled a little when I checked it but with a few licks across a steel that was cleared up.  I can use this thing without killing myself.  I can even use it with one hand if need be.  The stainless was very smooth and well brushed to a medium shine.  The shaft appear to go all the way through the handle.  I can't guarantie that it goes all the way through the handle but if is like several of my other Estwing tools it does.  The grip is designed to absorb vibrations and does so very well.  If it last as well as my others I will be passing this down to my grandson with the other Estwing tools.I would not carry this if I was backpacking but think it will be the best general camp tool that you can have if you like an evening fire.  Now if I was in a Zombie invasion I think this would just about be the perfect tool/weapon.  It has enough wight to pierce a skull but not so much weight to cause you to over swing wasting time and energy.I would recommend this axe from this dealer in a skinny minute and if I needed another I would have no second thoughts about its quality.  I Highly Recommend This Axe--------------------------------------------------------------------------------.

okay for backup ax chops okay but not the ax for splitting concerned about handle if grip fails ax becomes severely compromised

My son is the one who loves it!  It was a fun Christmas gift, especially getting it disguised in the wrapping!

I bought this axe a few weeks ago based on all the positive reviews. I've used nothing but a splitting maul for the last few decades, so it took some adjusting to get used to. This axe is a good value, but it is definitely different to the 8 lb maul I am used to. It sinks deeper into the wood and has less chance of bouncing back, which is good.

While it is a well made Axe, the handle near the blade is thin, so any heavy duty chopping you want to do with it is out the window. It is great for light chopping though.

When this axe arrived to my house I was a little disapointed in how small it was.  Once i started swinging it, I instantly fell in love.  I had about 3,000 large tree branches fall down in my yard due to a freak noreaster that hit Connecticut in late October.  I cleaned out my entire yard with this small axe in one afternoon.

Very good quality. So light it is easy to use with one hand cutting limbs. Sharpens well and holds an edge well. It is indestructible.

It came very sharp but it was a little smaller than I was expecting. but i did like it.ok.xx xx

Don't break anything estwing because they have NO customer support. I have never been involved with a company that dose not answer the phone. Does not matter which extension you call they ALL go to voice mail. This happened EVERY time I called. The axe I bought failed the first time I used it. I didn't even know you could brake an axe but the edge on the blade bent the very first time I used it. I was only cutting two limbs about the size of your wrist. DO NOT BUY!!!!! I see now why everything is going offshore.

gonna cut down small trees with it, little smaller than expected so make sure you look at the sizes carefully before ordering.

Holds a good edge. I really like the one-piece handle-head, virtually indestructable, hold a good edge for a long time. I highly recommend it, a once in a lifetime ax purchase. With just minimal care it should outlast your grandchildren.

In my opinion you just can't beat an Estwing for performance and durability. I should have bought one of these years ago. Sure glad that I have it now. Fast shipping and an easy purchase.

i really like this axe. i bought this axe at a home improvement store years ago and have not been let down by its performance. this is a general purpose axe, it is not designed to fell trees or split wood. it is like any other eastwing product with an all steel handle, except that where the blue color starts from the stamped steel the handle becomes a pipe that has been welded to the upper one piece axe head and shaft. i was not expecting this tho it was probably done to conserve weight. i use mine to chop roots and other torturous tasks not normally associated with proper axe use. use a chain saw to fell trees and a splitting maul to split, this is just for kindling or abuse. dont waste your time trying to fell a tree with it, thats why God made chain saws.

When i first bought this axe it was a year ago.  I wanted an axe that would never break, an axe that i didn't have to change handles on every 3 to 6 months and the all metal, one piece structure to this axe was very promising and also one of the only ones like it.  From the second it was received from UPS it has seen heavy usage, for that very day i began felling an entire two trees that had fallen into our yard weeks ago with no help, no other axes or saws, just me and the Estwing.  The Estwing is a brutal axe.  It has heavy recoil per swing and its all metal handle absorbs virtually none of the reprocution.  The rubber like handle is also unforgiving if you do not wear gloves.  The handle has so much grip that after an hour of swinging it will tear the skin off your hands.  The blade was actually quite sharp and i was able to continue chopping through the trees.  However, half way through the first tree i noticed the bend in the axe, it was small then but got worse faster and faster.  By the time i got through the first tree the axe's frame started bowing like a bracket symbol which is (.  Im not kidding.  By not even half the second tree the axe was pretty much unusable.  It had bent so bad it was more of a boomerang than an axe anymore.  I then bought a cheap Ames axe a week later to chop the rest of the tree and that $20 Wallmart axe has seen 10x the work the Estwing has since then and is still in heavy use.  I cannot fathom all the 5 star reviews for this Axe.  It has no recoil absorbtion, it hurts your hands without gloves and it definitely WILL NOT ''outlast your grand children''.  I do a considerable amount of felling, i would never recommend this axe other than to put it on your wall to look pretty.

Beautiful workmanship. Extremely sturdy. Really a mini-axe (26 inches overall length) so can be used as a hatchet or an axe. Head and handle are one piece of metal. I'm using mine to chop out small maple stumps one root at a time. I broke four hatchets before I manned up and bought this tool. Was so attractive coming out of the box I hated to start to use it. Might be the best tool purchase I ever made (and I'm not exaggerating). Estwing also makes a hatchet version if that's what you need.

I have never owned an axe this powerful...wow...I chopped a 4&#34; tree in about 6 chops....great weight and sharpness .

By far one of the best camp axes I've ever owned. made in America! built to last! Don't hesitate to buy this ax if your in the market, Estwing is the best.

This is a very good axe. Went through logs like nothing. I chopped about 6, 6 inch thick logs, checked the blade and it was still sharp like I've never used it Takes big chunks off the logs

This is a great light weight sharp out of the box camping axe !!  Solid handle ! Nice little axe !!

To start with I would call this a very small axe or a very large hatchet. It is light and can actually be hung comfortably on the belt. It is light enough that you can use it one handed to cut small branches. This is not the axe I would grab if I were going to fell a full grown oak but it would be great to have around the camp site. What I use it for is clearing branches and small trees out of atv trails and it is nice because hanging on my belt I can still ride the atv unimpeded.

gives the feeling of being indestructible, is made in a single piece of steel very very reliable and very good edge grabs

I purchased this product for the purposes of camping and keeping in the back of my SUV. In both of these roles the product has performed extraordinarily. It is the perfect size for delivering power while still being easy to wield or store in the car. A great tool for preparing firewood or building an impromptu shelter. It also came in handy when clearing a fallen tree from the road following a severe thunderstorm.

This is the Bruce Lee of ax's. Fast, Lightweight, and sharp. Why people gave this wonderful tool one star I will never understand. It withstood a field test by 2 days chopping rounds of Michigan hardwoods. Aced through riding on my B.o.B. And left me shocked after digging through frozen rocky dirt only to beg for more and have many other uses around a camp site in the middle of Febuary. I still have yet to chip or even need to sharpen the blade on this beast. Only small issue is it has difficultings splitting anything over 6in in diameter. If you don't own this ax, you've wasting your money.

I actually thought this would be a full sized axe. That was my mistake, for not reading the description more carefully. However, I kept it, and used it to cut down several trees, ranging from 6-15&#34; in diameter. I also used it to cut them up into smaller pieces and split some of them.This axe works great. It works as good as some larger axes, and better than any camp axe I've ever used. My dog ate the leather case, which was apparently as delicious as at looked. The grip is very comfortable, absorbs the shock well, and lets me have a firm hold with confidence while swinging.If I decide to ever get a larger axe, it will definitely be from this company. They make a very good product.

I use this as a personal tool for firefighting, and it works great.  No problems using it for breaching walls, opening drywall.  Nice striking surface for forceful entry.  Light and compact enough to not get in the way or slow me down, but enough power to get the job done.  Solid construction.  Leather sheath.  No reservations.I also use it for chopping firewood at home and for all but the biggest stuff it works great.

estwing just the name alone means quality I use it alot this summer for all the brush in my back yard

This is one bad ax ax ! As tough as they get, very well-made. A must-have for outdoorsman and campers alike.

Worked great and has good balance. Just enough weight in the head to cut good but not so much to wear you out.

Best Axe Ever. I went camping and used this to chop some food and clear the area. Als used the back blunted side to drive in tent steaks.

I own 2 other axes, one is a log splitter the other a hatchet.This one is a chopper.I bought the 26" handle axe.Found the axe by accident looking for a pry bar in the hand tool section.I don't know why it is not in the lawn and garden section with every other axe in the store.Did not know Estwing made an axe, and apparently this one has been around for a while.It was priced as good as I could find it on the internet.I was looking at the gerber and fiskar axes and thinking about the x15 from fiskars until I picked this up.The axe is "Mr Destructo".I like the 1 piece solid steel construction. I think it comes all the way down the handle which is rubber coated and the leather sheath has slits on the back to strap it to a pack. If you are tall you could carry it on your belt I guess. Besides getting fire wood this axe will chop down doors.If your house is not made of brick you could probably chop your way in or out of an exterior wall.I did read some of the reviews here and read some of the complaints about inconsistant quality, and inspected 8 different makes of this axe and chose the cleanest one. After looking at the imperfections on some of these axes, I don't think it was from the manufacturing part of estwing but maybe how the axes were being stored at the store or in the way the axes were shipped. I also do not think the small nicks and scratches would have effected the performance of the axe either.I believe the actual blade is wider than the others.Update- I would not purchase this axe if you are planning to split thick logs or try to carry it into the woods. This axe is great for demo work and smaller tree stuff but it does not compare well to a real forged axe head with a hickory handle if considering to carry into the woods. The axe is great if you are working on trees or logs thinner than the blades edge and great for anything 3 inches thick or less. But If you go thicker than the blades edge it gets stuck a lot. Getting more axe experience, learning and developing more skills I now know why people spend the money on these Swedish axes.  The blade on this estwing from the edge to about the middle does not widen fast enough or does not have the right pitch. The blade digs deep, maybe too deep for it's own good and gets stuck often. On the Husqvarna forest axe that I bought, the blade gets thicker quicker so it does much more damage when striking and the tree or log and it does not squeeze back on the blade. Also I can get my hands really close to the bottom of the blade to do feathering or scraping work. The Husqvarna forest axe is what I bought to carry. Has the same length from top to bottom and was only 65 bucks. It is also lighter and you will use less energy with it than this axe to get more work done. Hard to find. it would still be worth it to buy a wetterlings or a granfors bruks. These are considered proper axes and have been used forever for good reason.

This has cracks at thinnest part behind blade. This not a second, it is dangerous and an outright reject that should have not left the factory.

The only problem with this axe is that the top blue part of the handle is hollow, so it could and will break easily.

Does the job. If I were some kind of axe enthusiast, maybe I could come up with some reason to love or hate it. I've chopped through a seasoned and dried red oak that was across a trail. I'd love it even more if it would swing itself.

The description of this long handle axe does not state that it comes w/ a sheath so we orderd one. We had to send it back...time consuming and cost us the return postage.  The description of the short handle version states that it comes w/ a sheath.  We almost bought the short handle for that very reason...would have worked and was more cost efficient since it included the sheath..but the hubby decided he wanted the long handle version and we decided we would just purchase the sheath.  OH WELL!!! There also appears to be an asthetic flaw in the metal of the axe blade but we don't want to bother w/ returning it for that reason...tooooo much bother and shipping would be even more costly than the sheath. Thinking the axe itself will serve the purpose of chopping camp wood etc so in that respect we are satisfied!

I bought this axe after reading all of the positive reviews here on amazon and i must say i am completely satisfied. Estwing hammers are my favorite and now i can say their axes are as well.

My brother in law has always like Estwing hammers and i saw an article in the magazine talking about how rugged the Ax was.  I thought I would give it a shot.  It worked beautifully for what i needed an ax big enough to cut down trees up to 12 inches in diameter but small and light enough to easily take camping or anywhere.  Its a great product and American made (minus the sheath).

I split large (18&#34; to 32&#34; diameter) oak wood sections into quads, in order to lift them onto my logspliter.  I use this axe as my primary wedge, opening a gap large enough to accomodate my wedges.  This is my second purchase of this axe

I brought it more to look at then work with I want to mount it to mySide by side Polaris Ranger just for looks. I have used one of these Axesand they do a great job cutting braches for hunting.

The size of the cutting head was perfect--length of the handle was just right--cutting ability was better then I expected,nothing seems to be the way you really want it to be in alot of tools. This axe is now one of my best buys in tools! I enjoy useing it!!

Very good ax for camping. Can be hazardus because of it's size if you miss what you are aiming at. Very sharp! great for any job!

I bought this item and have only used it once.This tool is solid, Estwing quality.I am looking forward to sharpening this more this spring and using it often over the summer.

My father had an Estwing # 45 axe since the 1960's ~ he wasn't particularly kind to his tools ~ he used them a lot ~left them where-ever he wanted ~ and didn't make any attempt at preserving or protecting them.Still ~ his Estwing axe survived ~ I have it now-days ~ cleaned it up ~ sharpened the cutting edge and it's as sharp & useful as ever.After all these years the leather sheath is still together, it's styled just like the current sheath, with tooled acorns & leavesand two 1 1/2" belt slits on the back side for carrying. (older also tooled 'Estwing 45')The leather needs some TLC to get supple again but the stitching ~ 2 snaps and 8 rivets (now-days 7)have held up through some diverse times.Dad used this axe a ton ~ around the farm & on our family vacations (in his pop-up camper) for fire wood ~and when he was 'blazing a trail' to a new fishing spot.I noticed this older version is lighter weight ~ 3 lb rather then the current 4.3 pound ~ still the same 26" length.Showing some wear & tear ~ which reflects some found memories ~ this old # 45 is still as useful as a new axe.Bottom line ~ this quality axe will last a life time.

I own 4 Estwing hammers and 3 other Estwing products. So, for me, it was a no-brainer to order this axe. I was looking for something in between a hatchet and a full-size axe. When I got this axe, it was immediately obvious that it had the typical exceptional quality and balance as I always expect from Estwing. I used a 10 inch file to quickly touch-up the blade to the sharpness that I want a utility blade to have. It is exactly what I was looking for. Anyone purchasing this item should be completely satisfied.

This Ax is not just for campers.  I bought it to use around my yard and so far it works perfect for my use.  It is not heavy so I do not tire as quickly and I can work longer on the task than if I use a heavier ax that will tired me faster.  Not bad, not bad at all.  I like to take care of my tools, so I know it will last me a very long time with good care.

the axe was for the grandson also , he asked for it so he could help his dad cut firewood and camping .

great product, exactly what it says it is and nothing more nothing less, very sturdy, doesnt weigh very much and is fairly comfortable in the hand.

This axe is a perfect size for splitting wood and all around camping duties.  The price is fair and best of all it's MADE IN USA!!

Once I got this axe home I gave it a good working on the dry/wet stones and a final with a leather strop. The edge was kind of boogered up, QC must have been at lunch ;) I went out to the woods to work on a downed birch tree. I was cutting through regular grain wood as well as knots that I would normally avoid. The knots dulled the edge as expected, but did not chip or roll, and the edge came back pretty easy so I continued on to work. The rubber covered handle is comfortable and secure, even when wet. A few of my friends carry axes from Sweden, and they are fine tools, but I offered to let my buddies give my 45a a work out. They did not hold back, swing after swing, they tried to show a flaw , and in the end  my friends were considering on how much they spent v.s what I spent. All I did was smile.

Axe made in USA. Small leather sheath that covers the head made in Haiti (hey, they need the help, remember the earthquake)Anyway this axe is made out of tool steel, so it is high grade. The head and shaft are forged in a single piece so you will never, ever, have to replace the handle. The steel comes covered in an epoxy enamel to keep the majority of it from rusting. This axe is long enough to get some good leverage (and I am 6'2"), but light enough that my wife said she could use it if I taught her how, and she is a very dainty girl at that.The blade comes factory sharpened, not razor sharp, but any sharper and it would dull too fast from chopping wood so the factory sharpness is perfect I'd say. If you're buying an axe for serious long term use it goes without saying regardless of the brand you will need a sharpener of some kind.

Best little axe you could ask for.  We have 8 acres of timber land in Washington State.  This little axe is perfect for limbing trees and light duty wood cutting.  The quality is incredible.

Excellant tool. Good size for most wood cutting jobs. Very Durable. Well balanced and tuned.

Haven't bing camping yet but used this little ax worked great cut up branches in the yard. Looking forward to camping and hunting great ax  Tell you more later after camping.

Good not has heavy as I would like great for splitting kindling needs a longer handle and more weight with the head

I have always wanted one. They made me an offer I could not refuse. A nicely balanced beautiful tool. The grip is great.

Great Axe well balanced and great size would love a double headed axe this sixe, well worth the price, would buy again.

Estwing is still living up to its name.  I must say it's about as good of an axe as I've seen for it's size, weight, and cost.

arrived sharp and ready to work, holds a nice edge. it is everything that is expected from the estwing company.

I've had the ax for about two months. In that time I've chopped about a 30 year old cedar's worth of wood. It does well with chopping, cutting, and spitting. I've used it in weather above about 35 degrees. I've heard that in fairly cold weather the metal is prone to cracking but I've used my 31 year old Estwing hammer in the blistering cold without problem so I would imagine it will perform as usual. It keeps it's edge well and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good, all purpose ax. My only problem with it is the the lanyard holes cut in the handle material are blocked by the tang of the metal. I suppose  it's good to know that it goes all the way through but it was none the less annoying. It was easily fixed with a 1/4 inch bit and a file.

I actually purchased my son this axe because he was a conselor at a Boy Scout camp last summer.  He took it up to camp this summer and he just loved it.  It came out very sharp and ready to use.  He stated that he could cut twice the amount of wood in half the time than when he was using the camps axe.  Now I can't wait to try it out myself

I bought this item after previously owning the Eastwing hatchet, both are great values and quality products.Recommend for camping.

Great Quality and a fast delivery are the two major qualities that this axe possessed. I would highly recommend this camping axe to everyone.

Got this for my birthday. The leather sheath is solid and up to the challenge of housing and protecting a serious chopper for a lifetime. Although I've been into smaller knives like theSchrade SHD1 8" Fix Blade Knife with Stag Handle and Leather SheathandWenger Highlander Genuine Swiss Army Knifeand using hatchets for wood processing, this axe is a one hungry beast! Capable of more than its size would indicate. Although I swung very close to the ground and focused more on accuracy than power, it only took a dozen swings to topple a 4" unwanted tree too close to the garage!Even though I swung more for accuracy than power about 1/3 of the swings stuck so deep into the wood I could not get it out without torquing the axe. I cannot wait to swing away to see what this great, great tool is capable of. There are a few 8-10" fallen trees out in the back woods. I suspect a lifetime of impressive performance from yet another outstanding Estwing product.UPDATE: I took out several 6-8" trees. With a very excellent bow saw it took me 20 minutes and my arm and shoulder we very fatigued. I tried this out. I chopped the same tree in less than 6 minutes! After only a few chops I was 1/3 done and not even needing a break. What an excellent chopping tool!

I've owned this axe for 2 years now.  I've used it on numerous occasions.Pros:LightweightHolds an edge wellEasy to sharpenLight weightSolid, one piece construction ensures that the head will not slipCons:NoneI expect to be passing this axe down down in the family.

I have purchased estwing products before and have always appreciated the old school quality they put into their products. This ax was as good as I had come to expect and will buy another estwing tool when ever I need one. It is a perfect limbing ax after I take down a tree at the cabin.

good axe to have around the house and in the yard. very handy for chopping dead limbs and dead trees

Theses are perfect size and. Weight for camping great for use on river in canoe  best quality out there very use full

This axe comes sharp and ready to use! Great for splitting fireplace sized logs and for kindling! Light, good grip and superb for camping! A must own for anyone that chops their own wood!

The Estwing campers axe is made in the USA, entirely of metal, ie; the handle and axe head are forged together as one unit. The steel is high quality, and the rubberized handle is shock absorbent and firmly affixed to the handle.Recommended by friends of mine, this is the best axe/hatchet line on the market in my opinion.

I used this axe to cut few small trees and to clean some branches. It is sharp and it was easy to work with it.Please note that this axe is not good for splitting woods, because it is not thick and heavy enough. However so far it is doing very good job with the cutting.

it is a nice balanced axe.  it swings nice.  it has a good flow to it.  with little trouble i was able to fell a 8" diameter trunk in about 5 minutes.  but, i can see inconsistencies in the metal and some roughness to the grip (like those in the pics).  makes you think that quality control is slipping in american plants.  i did make contact on one swing that vibrated the axe so badly that it made me stop and inspect it.  it was an uneasy feeling.  but if this tool is used with respect and knowledge and not treated like a toy it could last a few years.  not nearly as long as my estwing hammer that i received from my dad 15 years ago.  he had it since the 70s and i still use it to this day.

I new Estwing made good hammers but this axe is pretty much unbreakable and easy to handle.I would recommend this product.

I bought this axe to cut up some rounds I had. It performed very well. I would buy it again.

I have always been impressed by Estwing's quality having purchased a hammer for my apprenticeship as a plumber 20 yrs ago and still using it! I expect to get many years of use with this axe during our family camping trips!It was delivered to me in excellent new condition with the sheath included!Thank you Amazon

You can't go wrong with this axe. It is virtually indestructible and holds a great edge. The weight and balance are awesome. It is the perfect length for a camping axe because it fits in my plastic camping container (for car camping) but has almost the same chopping power as a regular length wooden-handled axe, probably because it has about the same weight due to the metal shaft. I like the fact that it comes with a protective leather sheath. Great product!

Terrific axe. I'm using it for light logging, IE: falling and limbing where a chainsaw is overkill. Takes down a 3"-4" alder with a couple of swings. Perfect swing weight and ballance. Comfortable no-slip grip especially when compared to wood. Takes and holds a great edge.Best axe I've ever owned.

I take this axe with me on every camping trip I go on. It is a great axe, it is well balanced, keeps a great edge, and it fits in the trunk of my car. It is easy to manage, and easy to keep sharp. It is a good camping axe. I would recommend it to anyone.

Really high quality axe with a handle that is a more useable length, than longer handles.  I like this axe a lot for its quality construction and handy size.

I'm not a large person.  When I need to chop, I want something that's easy for me to handle.  This is it.  For a six foot six lumberjack, this would just be a toy, but for me, it's perfect.Also, it came sharp and, after a few uses, it's still sharp.  And the quality appears to be very high.

I was trying to remove a small tree stump, using a hatchet, and it wasn't going well.  My wife said, "always use the right tools."  So I got this axe.My wife was right, this was the right tool and it got the job done.  I am very pleased with this axe.  It came sharp, and has a functional leather axe head cover.

I first learned about this particular axe as we used it exclusively in my Boyscout Troop back in the mid to late '70's.  Even as a child I recognized a superbly engineered tool. In the early '90's, I bought one for myself.  I've been chopping with it ever since.  The last year or so on a small, 44-acre farm.  It is quite simply as fine an axe as you can buy at any price.  It combines excellent ergonomics, handle comfort, balance, speed, low weight, reliability and sheer cutting power into a tool that will last your lifetime and then some.

Arrived on time and in excellent shape. It is a nice size for all around chores. My husband likes the longer handle. It is just a handy little ax.

As expected from an Estwing product, this axe performs very well and is a well-balanced striking instrument.  I used it to fell a 12" diameter tree with no problem - actually quite enjoyable.  The only drawback is that when you strike very hard dead wood, it does vibrate some (not a problem with live wood).  I recommend the Fiskars sharpener for $10 - got the blade very sharp with this tool.  Also consider the Fiskars Pro Chopping axe which got great reviews.  FYI, supposedly the world's finest axes are from Gransfors Bruks in Sweden.

I heat with wood and needed another replacement handle for my axe, so I decided to look at this instead. After using a 36" handle I wondered how I would like the shorter length, but I knew that I'd be happy with the Estwing design as I've used their hammers for many years. I've now had it for a few days and am using it to split wood into kindling. I am amazed at how nice this axe is, the quality of the materials and build, and how comfortable and well balanced it feels. The steel looks beautiful, the finish is perfect. It really makes the chore much easier than with my old wood-handled axe. Money well spent- and reinvested in the USA (except for the Haitian-assembled sheath).

Not your primary splitter, but a must have around the house if the use fire wood. This will make short work of dry logs, as well as is extremely helpful with smaller trees and branches.Keep in mind it is shorter then a splitting axe and thus needs to have a &#34;big brother&#34; around to do that type work. That said once wood is dry, if you want to split it smaller etc this will work wonders!!!Keep away from small finger though as it is very sharp and though it appears to be &#34;kid sized&#34; this tool delivers adult size results.

I was just outside using this axe. Mine came from Home Depot & has a sheath. It's highly controlable. Give it some ooompf & it will chop!

I loved my Estwing axe and would have given it a 5-star rating until I experienced a catastrophic failure while cutting dry fir after a period of prolonged cold.  The head broke into three evenly sized pieces.  I did not strike a knot in the wood.  I NEVER struck the ground or anything other than wood with this axe.  It had given me years of trouble-free service splitting firewood and even felling trees, (mostly in mild temperatures), and I would have bet my life on it.  It took and held a good edge.  I never had any critical thoughts about it until it broke.  If you won't be using it in very cold situations, it might give you a life time of service.  Maybe I got a lemon.  It cut as well as I could have wished for a couple of years of daily use (our household was heated with wood, and we also heated our hot tub with wood) but then it broke.  If your life will/might depend on your axe, please consider Witterling or Granfors-Bruks.  Yeah, I know.  VERY PRICEY, but cheaper than your life.

I own the E45A and its an incredible axe. There is really no need for me to ever buy another of this size. I was surprised when i saw these pictures above that showed "flaws" in the steel which indicated "poor quality". I know my axe is of the highest quality but it is a few years old. I went down to home depot to see if maybe this is a recent problem with estwing tools. What i found made me laugh. Estwing tools come with a thick clear coat over the axe head to protect it before the tool is purchased. every one of the axes I looked at had little bits of dust or marks or wrinkles in the clear coat exactly like what are shown in the pictures above. If your thinking about getting one of these, the steel is flawless. It's a excellent tool!

Well, I am an axe collector, so I've seen many hundreds if not thousands of axes over the years. For a small camping axe, the E45A is a superior product. I have three of these. One for use, the others I bought to put in my collection. I don't typically buy new axes for my collection, but this axe has earned a spot due to its durability as a field tool, and the fact that it's made in the USA. I am not an Ameri-centic axe collector, but this fact doesn't hurt. The steel is very good and goes through the handle - which is an excellent design. In addition to being virtually unbreakable, the handle's surface texture is both durable and comfortable. It's simply amongst the nicest tools one can currently buy new - that isn't a wallet buster - for light to medium duty chopping. Easy to give this axe the highest recommendation as a light to medium duty chopping tool.

I have been extremely impressed with this axe for its build quality. It is the perfect size for carrying around my property and doing maintenance or throwing in the back of the car, and the shock reduction grip works surprisingly well.I will say, this is not a splitting axe. This axe is more for basic maintenance/camp work, and possibly for felling smaller trees. It is too narrow to really use for felling large trees.

To me this is a mediocre axe.  Not very heavy, not very sharp, not very balanced, not all that easy to use.  A sort of weak compromise among various qualities you want in an axe.  It may be good for camping, but for general purposes, I can't recommend it.

This is a very nice axe. It's not meant for big jobs, although, it will tackle small trees and even larger jobs with a little extra elbow grease. This is a great camp axe, the longer handle gives you more leverage than the shorter one, but the weight of the axe is good for tying it to your back pack without adding to much extra weight. It was sharp when I got it and a simple file will keep it sharp noting that an axe does not need the edge of a knife, it is for chopping wood, not field dressing game.

This axe is NICE! Yes, mine does have a couple small cosmetic imperfection on the clear coat, but really who cares? This thing is for brawny wood cutting, not winning beauty contests...although it is pretty sexy as axes go, ha-ha. The handle grip is fantastically firm, yet supple, and it has plenty of room for two handed swinging. It's a nice middle ground between a hatchet and a full sized axe. Unless you are really tight on space, I would opt for this axe over the 16" version because the slight weight increase is worth it for the extra length. The axe feels very balanced and easily controlled during the swing and it cuts through wood as nicely as I had hoped. Overall I'm very pleased!

I have been looking for a rugged axe for a long while.  My friend brought one of these last time we went camping, and after two swings I was sold.  He didn't like that I stole his axe, so after the fisticuffs were over I decided to buy my own.  Now I can chop my own wood, and we are ready for a duel.

I was digging a three foot deep hole with a cheep shovel when I hit layer upon layer of sand rock. My cheep pick bit the dust several years ago so I did not hesitate to take this Estwing E45A campers Axe to it. Needless to say, I will not ever have to buy another pick because this Axe went through that sand rock like it was a hot knife through butter. The Axe was not harmed and looks just like new with no chips or cracks. I have always trusted Estwing. My advise for you is always buy an Estwing, just don't put it near your other tools because they will die from a severe inferiority complex.

Best ax for the money I can find. Its weight is in the head, which makes it swing nicely. The solid metal construction should make it durable. I haven't had long enough to give it a true long term test

Super Axe is what it should be Called ! Greatest Short Axe in the World to me ! Comes ready to do anything you want to with a peace of wood . I chopped down a dead tree and chopped and trimmed at every thing at the house and at camp.

I received this in NZ in a week.  It is a good value for money multi purpose axe.  Shame I can't get other axes sent to NZ.

It seems that everything is made poorly these days.  This product has the quality it always had and has a feel of quality.  I use it to split wood for my wood smoker doing briskets, ribs, and pulled pork.  Can use one handed or slide down to the end of the handle to use two handed for more accurate splitting.  I oiled the sheath that can with it to protect it as well.  A product you will pass on to your grandchildren.

I bought this with the Lansky &#34;The Puck&#34;.  It came dull.  However, 8 times on each side of the ax edge, in circle motion, it was able to chop through 2&#34; limbs with one swing!  It chopped a 4&#34; willow in under 5 minutes!  Goes through pine like it's not even there (1&#34; limbs)!  If you needed to make a fire, this ax would come in handy clearing the branches off a pine for tinder, fast!  I like it so much, I'll probably buy another one! It's Estwing, made in U.S.A.!  I'll continue to purchase the 16&#34; and 13&#34; Estwing Hatches.  These also come in the Black Eagle Collector's Editions for a little bit more!  Wear eye protection!  Clean cuts through 1&#34;-2&#34; branches with one to two swings!  It's just a great tool to have on hand!

I have used axes a lot for over 50 years, and I think the Estwing Camper Axe is the best one out there for the price.  Best feature is,... no more broken handles.  Has a good grip, good balance, and hammer end is better than most.  Only bad thing about this axe,.. it doesn't float.

i started looking into the estwing brand after owning one of their hammers (the best hammer you could buy for construction and heavy carpentry) and i had to have this axe, first impression, JUST AS GOOD AS MY 10 YEARS OLD HAMMER!!! ,i cant understand the guy complaining about antiquated manufacturing procedures, if he complaints about this axe , he would throwing fire from his mouth if he had purchased any of the chinese made ones, no point of comparison, and this guys can stamp the American flag with pride on their products, as you WILL NOT find anything remotely comparable on the same price range, of course you could go with a better axes than this one, you just have to spend 100 dollars or more for it.This axe is a little heavy for its intended purpose (camping) but if you dont mind carrying it arround, it will thank you for doing it as it is as good as it gets for a camping axe, and very good compared with other top tier ones,buy itLittle thing to consider: if you dont want to carry this 4 pound axe around in your camping, hiking trip, i would recommend getting a sven saw, serves the same purpose just as well, and is a dream to carry lol.

I was looking for a camping/hunting  axe and these thing meet every expectation I hoped for it cuts through small trees and small game like its butter. was really pleased. mine came factory sharp then I hit with a wet stone, this baby is ready for about anything

