Anyone who can sing &quot;I Will&quot; (one of my favorites from the White Album) on the same disc with &quot;In the Palm of Your Hand&quot; and make them sound like they belong together has GOT God-given talent!  What a  great CD!

When I listen to this album my whole perception of life changes. I remember what's important, loving God, loving my wife, and best friendship. I can never tire of this album.

I love Alison Krauss and Union Station-they are simply the greatest, alongside Ricky Skaggs and Bill Monroe in the Bluegrass genre. She is also a very sweet human being who lives what she believes and has remained humble throughout her musical career! Owning this cd has brought me years of pleasure and joy.

This does me no good if I can't use it on my mp3 player I also want to be able to copy the album to a memory stick

I must admit this CD was in my shopping cart for quite a while given its genre.  I finally make the plunge when I needed it for free shipping and the first time I played it, I couldn't believe the beautiful purity and fullness of her voice.The music is very interesting also since it is obviuosly country, but these are real talented musicians and the arrangements are incredibly performed and make a country band  really kick-[...] in a cross over jazzy sense in a couple of tunes where you'd never guess this is a band that plays bluegrass.It's worth every one of those stars and one more if they had it.By the way, I found out that the ladies like this CD very much.

This is a terrific album by Alison Krauss.  A nice selection of songs that display her full range of vocal abilities and styles.  If you are a new fan and wondering which album to buy, this is the one.  If you are going on a trip and wondering which Alison Krauss album to take along, this is the one.  This is the album that everyone loves, even those who don't love bluegrass or country.  You won't be sorry you made this purchase.

I can't describe how wonderful this recording is, but I'll try.  Whether you like bluegrass or not, if you appreciate good singing, good playing, and wonderful melodies, this CD is for you.  Many people have talked about how relaxing, soothing and peaceful (not to mention fun!) this collection is.  It's that and more.  These are songs that you will find yourself singing, humming, and thinking about after just a few listens.  Alison does a wide range of covers, including the title track from the Foundations, a song by Bad Company (&quot;Oh Atlanta&quot;), and a wonderful version of the Beatles' &quot;I Will.&quot;  Now about Alison Krauss...You can read here and in many other places about the enormous talent Alison has been blessed with.  That is obvious in the initial hearing of the CD.  I appreciate the talent, but even more I appreciate the love that she has for music.  I've seen and heard many performers in several different genres of music, but it is becoming a true rarity to encounter artists who really, truly love what they do.  You can tell that Alison Krauss (and Union Station) has a geniune joy in doing what she does.  It comes across in the music.  That joy of singing, performing, communicating with an audience is sadly lacking with most artists today.  Too many artists (some who once had this joy and lost it somewhere along the way) are in music for all the wrong reasons...money, fame, you name it.  Krauss will have none of it.  She still records for Rounder Records, a relatively small label, even though she's had offers from the big labels.  She refuses to perform in big arena concerts because she would lose the close connection she has with her audience.  I admire her for her decisions and for her love of her craft.  Take one listen to this CD and I think you'll agree.

Again this was purchased as a gift, I love Alison Kraus and have listened to this album over & over.

The crystal clear voice of Alison comes through on this CD.  If I could only have one Alison Krauss CD, this is the one I would have!

Just compare Alison Krauss's superb version of &quot;When you say nothing at all&quot; to Ronan Keating's pathetic attempt. Actually, I like Alison's version better than Keith Whitley's. Alison sings with so much class and style.

I HAVE BEEN EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH ALL THAT I HAVE BOUGHT FROM AMAZON, HOWEVER  WHEN IRECEIVED MY COPY OF THE CD NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU BY ALISON KRAUSE, WHICH I BOUGHTAS NEW, I FOUND THAT ALL APPEARED OK EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT THE CD CASE WAS NOT WRAPPED.ALL OTHER CDS THAT I HAVE PURCHASED FROM AMAZON CAME WRAPPED.  SO I AM NOT SUR WHETHERMY CD WAS NEW, AS IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN, OR USED.  IT PLAYS GOOD.  THERE ARE NO SCRATCHESOR SKIPS.  JUST NOW SURE MY NEW PURCHASE WAS IN REALITY NEW

CD arrived quickly and in good condition.  No scratches despite being used.  All songs played clearly.

What can you say about this amazing voice? Alison Krauss is one of a kind. In this day where every female artist wants to sound like every other female artist, she is still remains unique. Not all of the songs would be the ones I would have chosen for her, but she still sings them beautifully.

I have ordered 3 cds in the past month or so. I have not received my free auto rip mp3 versions of any of the CD's I have ordered. While the merchandise is great, I am very unhappy about not getting my auto rip.

I don't buy many cd's, no matter who the artist is, but when I heard the music on this one I had to know who the artist was and the title of the cd so I could get my own.  I love the songs and Alison Krauss's voice and would definitely be open to buying more of her cd's.

The voice of an angel.  I have never owned any of her music and now I can enjoy her soothing sound and enjoy every minute of it

What a beautiful album!  When Allison Krauss sings with Union Station, her already wonderful sounds are magnified and transform to simply angelic.  We especially enjoy "Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too", "Sleep On", and my favorite "When You Say Nothing At All."  Highly recommended for old-time country sounds!Baby, Now That I've Found You

I'll rarely write an review (and rarely buy an album) made by an artist who falls in the Country genre.  However, Krauss is lovely.  She definitely earns the accolades and awards.  Terrific pitch, great sound, a group in perfect harmnony.

Allison Krauss sets my heart singing with this collection of songs."Now that I've found you" is awesome. I love it because it is my theme song with my husband!

After constantly seeing this album in friends and strangers CD collections, especially those who do not own anything else even related to bluegrass or country, I just had to borrow it.  Well, after the first day of listening, I bought it.  This is just simply the best album I have ever heard put together, and I instantly became a Alison Krauss fan, and a bluegrass fan.  I am a HEAVY music critic, and can not stand country radio or record companies, putting 3 or 4 hits on a CD and then filling the rest up with half-hearted junk.  But Bluegrass is different, and thanks to Alison, Now, I have found it!

I have to say that I've never really liked Country music, but when I heard &quot;Baby, now that I've found you&quot; on Radio 1, I was entranced. The harmonies are superb, and the words meaningful. What more can you ask of  her? I then bought the album, and have never looked back, in fact, I played  the tape so much it has now worn out!!!

This IS great !!  This is the quickest I have ever received a product !!  I LOVE it !!  I will order from them again!!

Beyond Alison Krauss's crystal-clear vocals and some fine string players, NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU is blessed by a fine selection of tunes and the kind of immaculate production found on modern blue-grass recordings.  Anyone who listens to Krauss, and other quality bluegrass, with an open ear will be pleasantly surprised by the big beat found in this drum-less music.

I purchased this CD to acquire a certain song that had captured my attention; the remaining tracks turned out to be an unexpected bonus.

I guess I was lucky when looking through the used CD's at a local store the other day and found this, along with Chet Atkins CGP. If you think all bluegrass artists sound like Bill Monroe, you need to get this recording. Nothing wrong with BM of course, but Bluegrass music, like all other genre's, have many variations and sounds. Alison Krauss shows off her wide ranging talent in a dozen songs, each with it's own style. It is normal that one likes more than half the songs on an album and I'm at 10 on this one. As a musician I listen to what's going on behind the primary vocal. The second time you listen to this, focus on the background voices and music. It will open up the way you hear it the next time.

If you like country, calm melodic or acoustic music, this CD won't disappoint you. Great performances, both vocally as well as instrumentally. Really nice songs, great instrumental solos on acoustic guitar (&quot;Oh Atlanta&quot;), dobro, banjo and great double bass (&quot;When God Dips His Pen of Love in My Heart&quot;), and of course world-class fiddle solos by Alison herself. If you appreciate quiet, thoughtful, sophisticated acoustic music, this CD will bring chills to your spine. Without doubt, I will listen to it for the rest of my life. It's worth much more than 5 stars, but that's all I can give.Eltjo Haselhoff.

Well I can see Allison has definitely improved her vocals as she has matured. Her voice is pure and blue grass is her calling.

I wanted more of Allison, than this album gave., i SHOULD HAVE OPTED FOR A NEWER ALBUM OF HER STUFF..

I wore out my cassette tape of this album, so had to get the cd as I love ALL the songs on it, they're GREAT!!!  She is a wonderful performer...

A few months ago I received an e-mail from a server called "Bing". The particularvideo clip was of a youg Mooseling who is investigating the water spraying water from a sprinkler. The background music was so "enticing" I kept playing the clipover and over for both the innoncence of the calf and the beauty of the music.So i just had to HAVE that recording, but had no idea who the singer was! I can'tremember exactly how I made the request to Amazon.com, but they sent the music CDclip and there was my SONG! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!And especially "Thank you Allison Krauss!"

Alison and the boys never fail to deliver FINE music.  They are true to their roots and an inspiration to listen to.  This is a keeper!!!

Does anyone know who performed the duet with her &quot;When You Say Nothing at All&quot;?  It was a man who released the same song in the past.  I would like to add that song to my collection.

It is probably time for Alison Krauss to come up with a new &quot;best of&quot; CD, because this one just scratches the surface of her amazing career. Alison is a striking talent, and I think everyone who knows of her loves her. I'm glad to see music of this caliber hitting the mainstream. Her work is heads and shoulders above so much popular music of today, rich with culture, depth, and beauty.

Wish she would tour up here in Wisconsin!!  I've got all her albums, and this one is a great addition to her volume of work

Since her Rounder debut in 1987, Alison Krauss has been praised by critics and country music fans alike. Revitalizing traditional styles of country music including bluegrass, the singer and fiddler is the focus of much public attention. Her unique, yet firmly-rooted approach to country music has won her several Grammys. Her 1995 release, NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU, showcases her ability to shine in a variety of settings. The title track and &quot;Broadway&quot; find Krauss in a more pop country environment; however even her pop music is unique in its smart harmonic structure, and her ability to avoid pat or stock poetic devices. On &quot;Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too,&quot; Krauss and Union Station (her almost constant musical companions) switch to a decidedly bluegrass feel, and on &quot;When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart,&quot; she plunges into a Southern gospel style with help from the Cox Family. Alison Krauss has the remarkable ability to make these diverse musical directions seem logical and congruent.

I've been an Krauss/Union Station fan for years.  This collection is some of her best material.  In particular, "Oh Atlanta", track 2, is my absolute favorite; she really shines on this song.  Love her!

This was the very first cd that we bought when we first got a cd player back in 1995. I loved it then and love it today. It remains a firm favourite. As well as some of her best songs culled from previous albums, this album includes 3 previously unreleased songs. A great mix of country and bluegrass, this is the best from Alison Krauss, along with Union Station, and the Cox Family, from 1987 to 1994. The booklet includes some cute photos of Alison and her brother as children, but unfortunately, no lyrics. But it does have a 2 page newspaper article from 1994 which is interesting. If you only get one Alison Krauss album, then this is the one you need. Highly recommended.

This compilation is a good starting point if you aren't familiar with bluegrass  singer/fiddler Alison Krauss and her band, Union Station. It includes tracks from 5 of Krauss's albums, plus  some new material and cuts from other  musicians' albums on which Krauss  performs.And if you are new to Krauss: how lucky for you. You will have the  pleasure  of getting to know this young, very talented performer, who is an  accomplished fiddler and a singer with a voice as  clear as a bell and as smooth as satin. Krauss cut her first album at the  tender age of 16, and has gotten  even better with time.This collection  will give you an education in musicianship. Listen for the excellent legato  phrasing of &quot;Sleep On,&quot; the arrangements (check out  the steel  drums) and styling of &quot;I Will&quot; (yes, the Lennon-McCartney one).  Or,  just settle in and savor the sounds of a charmed ensemble and its  gifted front woman. Move over, Charlotte Church--this is the *real* voice  of an angel.

At 'Acoustic Paradise' online radio -broadcasting via live365.com-I play several female bluegrass/folk artists--I get many requests for "EMMY LOU",  "  RHIANNON with Wade Hill  " and "ALISON"--these light, delicate voices are such a pleasure to listen to and my listeners never tire of them--'Now That I've Found You' is essential to your bluegrass collection. The first time I bought it, I bought it in cassette format...I played it until the cassette warped...then I bought another cassette, and it broke...Then I bought the CD and I play it quite a bit.  Hear it--love it--BUY it--then just add headphones !

Purchased this album from Amazon on their download, cloud services.  Alison Krauss is one of my favorite artists.  Price was good.  Convenience is great.  Love Amazon's method of business.

OH my GOSH!  This CD is awful!  If your a democrat, and you love to eat finger sandwiches and watch The View(like me), than don't buy this CD!  It's so bad!  Oh, I cried just listening to it!  And they were tears of irritation and pain, just from listening to the horrible sound!  This lady should give up her career and start working at the crummiest convenient store in the country, she's so bad!  You don't like my review?  Than just bring in the hate mail cause I don't care!  GOSH!  She never should have started a career in music!  If I had my way, I wouldn't give her a star at all!  GROWSE!  Scream if you like Celine!

If you are enamored by Alison Krauss then this early album is for you. Her voice is the major instrument with the band subtlety in the background.

Alison is pretty young in these recordings, but forget the extra hype that young performers get: this girl is already a bona fide star, in both voice and fiddle.  In this one compilation she has bested Dolly Parton, humbled Lennon & McCartney, and made God blush.  Every turn and wail of her voice alone is glittering, flowing, moving, confident, and energetic.  It's something you can listen to over and over again and still be in awe.  It's a youthful girl screaming, "here I am, and I'm overflowing with love!"The haunting thing about this, and her subsequent albums as well, is how far Alison runs from the illusions of pop music.  Even songs that were written for a 60's Motown troupe, or for the biggest pop group in history, become terribly authentic and heartbreakingly hers.  It's really hard not to fall in love with the girl.  She is truly angelic, one of those rare birds you discover and instantly become gushing with pride.

this is a great cd i really only got it for one song on it but there are a lot of great songs on it really like it

Alison Krauss is definately a classy lady. I think this compilation is a well rounded effort which shows the multidimensional artist that is Alison Krauss. Whether she's on a tribute album, with Union Station, solo, producing, there always seems to be magic in the studio. NOW THAT I FOUND YOU: A COLLECTION gives listeners 3 new songs, 4 songs from tribute albums, and the rest from her past albums. First new song is &quot;Now That I Found You&quot;, featuring as usual stunning vocals and beautiful instrumentation. We also have &quot;Oh, Atlanta&quot; and &quot;Broadway&quot; which are also new, and great songs. Probably one of her best known tribute songs was for the Keith Whitley tribute album, her and Union Station's cover of &quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot;. Keith would be proud. Elsewhere on this cd we have &quot;I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby&quot;, &quot;Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too&quot;, &quot;Every Time You Say Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Sleep On&quot;, &quot;I Will&quot;, and many more. Overall this compilation should satisfy the biggest fans, and the ones who are just introducing themselves to Alison's music.

With this album, my first with Alison, I'm now a really really BIG FAN! The only problem is that she'll have a little problem topping her best songs. I was never bowled over by Bluegrass before I heard Alison Krauss. I'm sold on her sad sad songs, too.

If you can only have one Alison Krauss album this is the one. The songs are great. I have it on Kindle, my car, my wife's car an in my clock radio. I never get tired of it. It's truly the best of the best. Bravo Alison and Union Station.

Guess I'm not alone, huh?  Can't remember when I've purchased music that grabbed me so.  Well, done, Amazon, for tagging this as an essential.  First rate arrangements and song selection.  Right-on picking; addictive vocalizations.  How dare Alison make bluegrass so listenable.  Can't stop spinning it.

Now That I've Found You makes for a very good starting point for someone wishing to investigate Alison Krauss, so, in that regard I gave it five stars.  But, three most important reasons for owning this collection are as follows - 1) "When You Say Nothing At All, 2) "Baby, Now That I've Found You", and 3) "I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby"...all three songs are examples of why I would consider Alison Krauss as one of the finest interpreters of a song I have ever heard.  She adds emotional depth to the Louvin Brothers classic, and. she re-invents a bubblegum hit into a song of true heartbreak, (and, in the process, creates one of the all-time great cover versions).  As for "You Say Nothing At All", it's one of the few songs that can almost always bring to tears due to the beauty of the performance.  I cannot heap enough praise on the song.  It has become one of my all-time favorite songs, and never fails to move me.  For those three songs alone, I would recommend this album.  The inclusion of "Sleep On", "Every Time You Say Goodbye" and "Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too" is just icing on the proverbial cake.

Somewhere I heard one track from this album and decided to buy it. I would not normally say that I have one favorite album in my collection but now I do. Its awesome, every single song, not a bad one in there. Alison and band found me, now I want to hear everything put out by them.

I discovered Alison Krauss listening to her latest CD with Robert Plant (2007). I was impressed by her voice, and wanted to explore previouse releases. This CD is beautiful!.  The matching between her clear voice, coupled with the playing by Union Station is great.I found myself playing this CD again and again!!.Some of the songs that stand out are,/ Baby, Now that I've found/ Tonight I'm Lonely Too.  (beautiful, just beautiful)./ I will (yes from Lennon and Paul McCartney)/ When you say nothing at all

Having heard Alison Krauss on one of my favorite movie soundtracks, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, I was expecting quite a lot from her collection of songs spanning from 1987 to 1994. Beginning on a familiar note with a cover of "Baby, Now That I've Found You", the following track, "Oh, Atlanta" was what really served all the comfort and ease of macaroni and cheese that any bluegrass-country song should. In this ode to Atlanta, Georgia, Krauss slides and shouts through the notes and over a janky guitar accompaniment, while maintaining what many call an "angelic" voice. Not to be overlooked is the band she was invited to join early on in her career, Union Station. Adam Steffey on mandolin plays a plucky prelude to "Every Time You Say Goodbye", while Ron Block riffs on the banjo. The middle of the album blends together in a chorus of love sickness, but "When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart' picks up the pace with a spirited stack of vocals. Krauss has help from Suzanne and Evelyn Cox--their voices are well suited together in this remarkably sultry rendition of a traditional. More pining, and then another familiar cover to end on, "When You Say Nothing At All", which I'll demurely admit I recognized from Notting Hill. As a compilation cd, half the tracks are memorable, while the other half are a little hazier. Since Krauss tends to sing a lot about lost love, it is no surprise that this collection would be comprised of songs with titles that include the words: "goodbye", "lonely", "teardrops", and "morning dew". Yet, there is some variety with "Oh, Atlanta" and "When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart", and heartsick or not, Krauss always delivers with a honey sweet voice.

love this album......from Georgia and enjoy songs on cd...also, love fiddle ,blue grass ........she is great! what else is there to say?

Ancient Alison Krauss. Pretty epic. :) I could listen to her music all day long. This CD is so soothing.

I love this album and Alison Krauss. It's a sweet listening experience. If you like bluegrass and love songs, buy it.

I took a chance on this one. I only wanting to buy it for the one song,&quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot;. I thought it may be a very old version, so I bought it any way and turned out to be the version of the  song that I was wanting. I did not know any of the other songs on this CD.  All the songs are great. If you want a mix of geat county and bluegrass  music. I would highly recemend this one. You will not be sorry. I can even  brake out my Martin D-28 Herringbone guitar and play with Union Station on  this CD. Union Staion is GREAT!!! Along With Alison Krauss.

This is a....very good CD! If you truly appretiate music you will love this.The obvious comparisons have already been made so I'll just say that she sings as if she is singing to Me.This music and in particularly the way  she sings just makes me want to get to know Ms. Krauss.I would swear that  she made this music for me.I read in another review where there was no  melodramatics and that is sure true.She sings from the heart...and Union  Station is a great blugrass band and the harmonies are great but Alison  Krauss is the true star here(no pun intended)!I am a huge Beatles fan but I  like her version of &quot;I Will&quot; far and away better than The Beatles  and I heard their version long before I ever heard of Alison Krauss!The  same is true of every other cover on this CD;her version is better than the  originals'! It's just a soothing,listenable CD that goes beyond the normal  blugrass boundaries.Its hard to even classify it as bluegrass...It's more  like Sarah McLachlan meets Patsy Cline or something similar.I love it.Get  it..you won't be disapointed!

I bought the tape of Now That I Found You after seeing Alison Krauss and her Union Station bandmates in concert in Branson, Missouri, a number of years ago.  Alison's hits &quot;Baby, Now That I Found You&quot;, a '60s pop song, and &quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot;, the classic Keith Whitley song, are on here.  I also liked Alison's remake of the old Beatles song &quot;I Will&quot;, featuring some fine work by Tony Furtado on banjo.  Not only does Alison do a beautiful job of singing and fiddling, but her Union Station bandmates, who accompany her on most of the songs on this record, are talented musicians as well.  Up until '95, when Now That I Found You was released, Alison was recognized mainly when she sang background vocals on other artists' records, and her music, though it is stellar, didn't get noticed very much except by bluegrass and folk music fans.  This album, which went platinum, was Alison's breakthrough because it got a lot more people interested in her music.  If you haven't heard Alison Krauss's music before, I recommend that you check out Now That I Found You.  It's a great introduction.

This is the real thing folks - real singers and real musicians making real music. ... BUY THIS AND EVERY OTHER Alison Krauss + Union Station CD AVAILABLE!!!...

Alison Krauss has a voice that soothes and heals.  You'll be entranced by it. The music never leaves it's bluegrass roots but it far transcends being labeled. You'll even find that the most stupidly  titled track, When God  Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart is an incredibly touching song as are the  rest. Good job and a great album!

If you like Alison, you'll probably like this CD.  I found a couple of songs I enjoyed.  The rest I ignore (I recorded the ones I liked on to another source).  If you are not a big fan of hers, there are better samples of her work.

The hits &quot;Baby, Now That I Found You&quot; and &quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot;, the old Keith Whitley song, were the main reasons I bought this one.  Having never heard Alison Krauss except as a background  vocalist on somebody else's records, I was eager to hear more of her  music--and I got a kick out of this tape.  Not only does Alison do a  beautiful job of singing and fiddling, but her Union Station bandmates, who  appear on most of the songs here, are fine singers and instrumentalists as  well.  If you're not familiar with Alison Krauss' music, I recommend that  you check out Now That I Found You.  This collection, in my opinion, is  great.

The song WHEN YOU SAY NOTHING AT ALL makes me want to have a dizzy spell and holler don't touch me, just dal 911 and tell them to play some more of that good ole Blue Grass by Alison Krauss.

I bought this used CD to replace an obsolete cassette tape, so I obviously think it is a good record.  The condition was exactly as described.

I really enjoy this. It is a very peaceful voice. I hope to buy more of her albums. I just love this!

Gosh, were to begin? Alison has the most beautiful voice!  Actualy, I only bought this CD for the song &quot;when you say nothin at all&quot; becuase it is sooo pretty. and although the other songs are GREAT that is still my  favorite. trust me, the CD is fantastic, especially that one song!

The tunes are okay, but most lack the power and polish of the songs she did for the &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou&quot; soundtrack, the fabulous CD which turned me on to her amazing voice. I'm not a huge fan of gospel, but AK clearly has an affinity for it as the strongest pieces in this collection are the gospel songs she does with the Cox Family. I'll be keeping an eye out for her future works.

Rounder Records has some of the most talented and amazing artists around! I first heard of Alison Krauss &amp; Union Station when listening to Carrie Newcomer, also on Rounder. The music is inspiring, uplifting and unique! &quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot; is the most insightful song I've heard today.

This is a great CD. My husband, children, and I just love it. She has such a pure clean soprano voice. Her roots are truly bluegrass, so if you don't like bluegrass, you might not appreciate her style....

In this album, it has my favoriate song: When You Say Nothing At All. Alison Krauss's voice is so sweet and natural. When you hear her songs, you can feel relaxing and fresh from her voice. Good choice.

It is so nice to be able to find hard-to-find songs.  Every CD I have ordered from Amazon had amazingly low prices, and came in perfect condition extremely fast. Very satisfied!  Delighted!  Especially love the song, Love you forever, love you for always,love you with all of my heart [#9];  and the last song on the CD, Without Saying a word, (I think the name is, or between your heart and mine), track #12.  I might not have the titles of the songs right, although I should know them, I play them over and over again.

It took a few albums for the rest of the world to discover what the Bluegrass community already knew about the phenomenal Alison Krauss - her voice is a once-in-a-lifetime gift.She had recorded about 4 albums when independent label Rounder and Alison came up with the idea of a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collection for an artist in a genre that pretty much never HAS a &quot;hit&quot;.  Now That I've Found You opens with three new tracks - each one of them became a hit - then is filled in with another nine tracks from the previous albums, plus a few gems she recorded as a guest vocalist on other's CDs, such as &quot;I Will&quot; from Tony Furtado's &quot;Within Reach&quot; and &quot;I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby&quot; on Jerry Douglas' &quot;Slide Rule&quot;(a wonderful old Louvin Brother's song that received another wonderful treatment in the recent Louvin Brother's tribute album - check THAT one out too!) Suddenly the young woman had a platinum album, selling millions and zillions of copies in a Genre that no one outside of Bluegrass listened to.What was going ON?Bluegrass had a FEW hits in the Rock and Roll era:Flatt and Scruggs &quot;Foggy Mountain Breakdown&quot; - the music used as the musical theme to &quot;Bonnie and Clyde&quot;.Flatt and Scruggs &quot;The Ballad of Jed Clampett&quot; - the theme to &quot;Beverly Hillbillies&quot;&quot;Dueling Banjos&quot; - from the soundtrack to &quot;Deliverance&quot;&quot;Rocky Top&quot; - by the Osborne Brothers&quot;Fox on the Run&quot; - by the Country GentlemenBut it was pretty much unheard of for a Bluegrass recording or artist to get much notice outside of the Bluegrass die-hards, unless there was a movie or television tie-in.Then along came Alison Krauss, with her stunning crystalline voice that caught the attention of the Bluegrass community while she was still a teenager.This CD really IS just a &quot;sampler&quot; of Alison Krauss' voice - but it's a good starter disc for someone who wants to hear the kind of voice that only comes along once a generation....

I'm a big patsy cline fan. and now a alison krauss fan,the &quot;station&quot; w/acoustic guitats,dobro slide &amp; her fiddel, in a word  &quot;works&quot;  And her voice is  perfect for the music. this is  a very good album but bluegrass?

I bought this CD for a particular song on it, but found that the rest of the CD is really great music.

In my opinion, Alison Krauss's best song on the Now That I've Found You: A Collection albumn is When You Say Nothing At All.  I liked most of the other songs as well.  I thought Broadway was not as good as the other songs.  I did not care for the song I Will at all.

Allison Krauss seems to be able to do what she wants with her voice, whether it be country or comtemporary. She puts her own tag on each piece.

Have only recently discovered this lady. She's gorgeous and and is gifted with exceptional talents including an unrivaled singing ability.She'll always be a top favourite of mine.

Excellent CD with a number of absolutely lovely songs, and a few less interesting ones.

Holy Smokes.This was my reaction when I bit the bullet.I'd spent years bypassing Alison Krauss in CD sections, but occasional clips would enter my subconscious via the now-defunct Nashville Network and occasional audio clips on radio and other television shows, so I never really got Ms. Krauss' music out of my head.  A televised performance at The Grand Ol Opry that I happened to catch whetted a mild appetite, and finally I bit the bullet and purchased this compilation of some of her best work in the latter 1980s and early 1990s.This little explanation was necessary because it illustrates a point made by Providence Phoenix writer Jim Macnie in the CD's liner notes - Alison Krauss and her Union Station bandmates are not the type of band who go looking for attention.  They prefer the cozier confines of smaller scale performances.  As a result, they have slipped under the general radars of country-pop and have fashioned a body of compellingly simple work, a small fraction of which is on display here.Macnie describes a humorous incident in New York where Ms. Krauss fretted about the bad hair night she had and how her forehead was showing.  With a lot of other chart-toppers, such an incident would become an exercise in self-absorption; with Alison Krauss it is just a throwaway episode.  Ms. Krauss' hair can certainly disarm the viewer as it does in its close-cropped short mane gracing the cover of her recent disc New Favorite, but bad hair days or not, it is the music that keeps the listener.Union Station does not employ a drummer, and the lack of such percussive backbone is no great loss.  The synergy of fiddle, dobro, banjo, and so forth enters the soul just fine, and Ms. Krauss becomes the soul with gracefully tender vocals that never become mushy or cloying.  On &quot;Every Time We Say Goodbye&quot; she takes a sad instance and makes a charming throwaway out of it, and repeats this throughout the twelve numbers culled here. Her cover of the cheesy 1960s hit &quot;Now That I Found You&quot; dispenses with that number's approach and instead crafts something so unexpectedly different that it makes the original easy to ignore.While Ms. Krauss may not become a chart-topper of the Martina McBride mold, she doesn't really have to try, since her music bears so much greater substance than most contemporary country-pop.  This compilatiuon is the right place to start for listeners new and old.

Even though I tend towards classic rock as my main musical interest I had heard comments about Alison and her lovely voice and finally decided to check out this album, thinking it was a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album.  It isn't:  it's a retrospective of her career with a few wonderful new songs added as well.  It demonstrates her development as an artist and the wide range of her musical abilities.  Most of all, it is a truly enjoyable album.This album has sold over two million copies  and went to the top 15 of the pop music charts and number 2 on the country charts--which demonstrates that her music has wide appeal yet is hard to pigeonhole into one category.  Alison and her band Union Station have won a total of nine Grammy awards (so far) in at least three categories (country, bluegrass, and gospel)--and they're still going strong.  Yet, putting her into just those three categories still doesn't adequately describe her music:  she is truly a unique perform! er.Part of her uniqueness is that she's achieved her success just by being herself and doing it her way--rather than the usual commercialized way.  She is so down to earth in concert you feel like you are listening to her in a park with some friends or could ask her out for coffee afterwards without reservations.  She has not bought into the hype and commercialism of the modern music scene; I almost think she wouldn't care about the money, as long as she could still make the music she enjoys--and does SO well.She has the most angelic, passionate, and achingly lovely voice I've ever heard.  I frequently suffer from deep major depression, and Alison's singing is one of the few things that can still touch me in the midst of that.  Sometimes I will just play this album or a few special songs over and over and over again when I'm really down in the pit of despair and let Alison remind me there IS still beauty and joy in this world.This is an album I have giv! en many times as a gift, and it's always been well apprecia! ted.  One friend wrote, &quot;I just received nine other CDs from BMG, but &quot;Now That I've Found You&quot; is the one I play all the time.&quot;  Another friend wrote a thank you note saying, &quot;...I don't think I've ever received a birthday gift that I have enjoyed more.  I mean it.&quot;Alison's music is wonderful, and I know of no better album to start sampling it than &quot;Now That I've Found You&quot;.

I love this disc.  It is loving, spiritual, and easy.  I listen to this after a long day at work and it soothes me.  I love her.

I admit, I'm not a huge country fan or bluegrass fan...but, Her voice! It's so clear and perfect.  I get chills each time I listen Alison Krauss.  A few of my favorites on the album are "Baby, Now That I've Found You", "Sleep On", "In The Palm of Your Hand", and of course "When You Say Nothing At All."  Yes, I'm a casual fan, but there is absolutely nothing casual about her voice...its pure perfection!

Allison Krauss is truly talented and easy to hear.  Very easy listening.  Most Allison Krauss songs are so easy on the ears.

Alison Krauss's voice is beautiful, haunting, and full of passion and emotion.  Alison and Union Station are set apart from other musicians. Their virtuosity and ability to convey their emotions through their instruments is one of their trademarks. This release is no different and will not disappoint fans of Alison and Union Station!.  Although this release was intended to bring Alison's beautiful voice into the forefront. Up until this point, Alison was known as a fantastic fiddle player, but her voice was overlooked due to the fact that she sang background vocals with the early version of Union Station. This release introduced Alison to the world and people began to take notice of her angelic voice!. There are some familiar tunes like Broadway, Baby, Now That I've Found You, Oh Atlanta and Every Time You Say Goodbye. Alison does all those songs well, but it's the lesser known tracks that stand out. I Will an old Beatles song, and Sleep On from Alison's debut Too Late To Cry stand out as one of the gems on this disc. In The Palm Of Your Hand is beautiful as is When You Say Nothing At All one of my favorites and I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby. All the songs are winners! this disc has something for everyone from the country infused Sleep On to the more religious fare When God Dips His Pen of Love in My Heart and Palm Of Your Hand. Alison does justice to all of these songs and the covers are outstanding. If you enjoy this collection, you may also enjoy Alison's previous works. This is a must have for any Alison Krauss fan!.

Just when I thought that there was absolutely no way that any CD or concert could be better than this CD, I saw Alison in concert last week.  She has the voice of an angel and the grace of her fingertips on the fiddle is amazing.  This was the first CD I had ever purchased of hers, and I literally wore out the CD.  I traveled over 50,000 miles in a year's time listening to this CD in my car as I commuted from work to school.  The concert was the best I've ever attended and this is my all time favorite CD.

There is no other female singer, country, blues etc etc that has a voice that is even in the same league as Alison Krauss.  Saw her in concert 2 years ago and now we are on a mission to collect all of her music.  This cd has a great compilation and I highly recommend it for your collection.

A good voice but there was only one song that I really liked &#34;You say it best when you don't say it at all&#34;. So I didn't get my money's worth.

ALlison Krauss has the most amazing voice!  I bought this CD for the song "When God Dips His Pen of Love in My Heart".  Good old Southern Country Gospel!  Everytime I play it in my car, at home or at work, we "have church"!  :)

Music itself was terrific, CD condition was satisfactory, lots of surface abrasions, case was recycled.Delivery was faster than expected. Overall Go Hastings did a good job.

As a musician I have been raised on both country and rock. I now write and perform my own brand of country rock music. One of my all time favourite singers is Paul Rodgers. When I recently heard his great version on a track over the radio my research brought me to Alison Krauss. I find that her musicianship is excellent and am glad to have discovered this new source of inspiration. For Paul Rodgers to add his voice to her material is testimont to the respect she obviously attracts from others in the industry.

What makes this so special is the purity of Alison's voice and the quality of the music, some of which features Alison as instrumentalist as well as vocalist. Even though most of the songs are covers, they sound fresh and exciting.The tracks are taken from various sources, including one from each of her own albums, but also including three previously unreleased tracks, plus other tracks that had not appeared on her albums. Even if you've got all Alison's other albums, you'll need this.The set begins with a cover of the sixties pop hit, Baby now that I've found you. You may remember the original - a somewhat sad lyric but a very upbeat tune, which was a UK number one hit for the Foundations. Alison slows the song right down, in keeping with the lyrics.The final track is a cover of When you say nothing at all, recorded for Keith Whitley's tribute album. This is a song that has spawned a number of covers, including Irish versions by Boyzone (who had a big British hit with it) and Frances Black. Even Frances cannot improve on Alison's version.Between those two tracks are many other brilliant songs, including I will (from the Beatles' white album), Teardrops will kiss the morning dew (even better than the Billie Jo Spears version, which I think was the original) and the Lovin Brothers' I don't believe you've met my baby, later covered by Dolly on her Little sparrow album.The O brother soundtrack, the various O sister compilations inspired by it and Dolly Parton's recent albums have all helped to increase the popularity of bluegrass, but this compilation pre-dates all of them and it was hugely successful. In any case, Alison herself appears on most of those other albums. So this is an important album in any collection of bluegrass music.

This was my first introduction to Bluegrass music but I suspect this is a sophisticated style of the genre, not the raw high wailing sound that I subsequently discovered. In fact, much of it could easily fit into  categories like &quot;adult contemporary&quot; or &quot;easy  listening&quot; -- the track &quot;Broadway&quot; for example, is a pure  pop song. I love the Dolly Parton like &quot;Teardrops Will Kiss The  Morning Dew,&quot; and the gospely &quot;In The Palm Of Your Hand.&quot;  But my top favourite is the wonderful, dreamy story of &quot;I Don't  Believe You've Met My Baby,&quot; with its unexpected twist in the tale and  its lilting, hypnotic rhythm. This is one of those rare albums with no real  dud tracks.

I was channel surfing one night and I happened to run across Alison Krauss's performance on PBS's Austin City Limits. I just had to stop and listen. What a voice! I was at the music store the next week trying to located a CD with the songs from the show on it. This is the one. I don't really care for mainline blue grass but she is definitly the exception.

Alison's perfect and soft voice is exceptional!  My favorite song on this album is "When You Say Nothing at All" so there was no hesitation in chosing this song for our wedding.  As I walked down the aisle to start our beautiful poolside country wedding, Alison's perfect voice (in surroundsound) floated across the wedding guests, into lush green pasture and seemed to impact even the horses (or maybe the horses were just looking for their dinner).  When I reached the rose-adorned wedding arch, I turned to see just about everyone with tears running down their cheeks - Alison's performance of this song really brought out the emotion in everyone.  Even the big ol' cowboys were doing their best to choke back their emotions.  Followed the perfect ceremony with a husband/wife dance to Sara Evan's song, "I Could Not Ask for More."  Kudos to Alison!!

Covering some of her finest moments of the first decade or so of her career, "Now That I've Found You" IS the place for the novice fan to start with this talented lady. This compilation album includes three new songs as well as four others that only appeared on tribute albums (not on any of Alisons' albums). Whether she's with her Union Station band or not, Krauss always hits on all cylinders. Her vocals are dynamic and emotional, yet soft and not over-the-top. She has a deep care for keeping her personality and distictiveness in the music, and one cannot overlook her great instrumental talent (fiddle). Tired of female vocalists substituting volume for emotion in their singing? You have come to the right place! Alison and her backing musicians will blow you away on this recording!The title track and *In The Palm of Your Hand* are wonderfull cover songs and Ms. Krauss' bluegrass-pop reworking of *When You Say Nothing At All* is every bit as enjoyable as Keith Whitley's original. Also, listen for the country-blues instrumental work on *Oh, Atlanta* and *When God Dips His Pen of Love in My Heart*. My favorite Alison Krauss song is the lamenting *Everytime You Say Goodbye*. It has a beautiful melody that starts off with a bouncy mandolin and banjo and then slides into a rich fiddle solo. "And your words just are like arrows through my heart, everytime you say goodbye" is one of my favorite lyrics of all-time.The entire album is played to a light, if not non-existent percussion backbeat. Alison does a crafty job of refreshing bluegrassy music while blending in touches of pop and folk. Add in her top-notch vocals, unique phrasing and fiddling and you've got an artist who has certainly carved out a niche of their own. This album will leave you craving for more and luckily AK has put out a good 7 or 8 other records. Highly recommended!Thank You.

Alison Krauss is in a word, breathtaking. Her music is simply some of the best that there is. She makes you feel as if you can feel exactly where she is taking you when she sings.I've been a fan of hers for a long time  and I can't ever say enough about how truly remarkable her work is. She is  a very credit to the music industry.She transcends the meaning of the  word, &quot;Diva&quot; and makes listening to her music like a concert in  your car, living room or wherever you turn her on.

How can one be critical of such perfection seemingly sent direct from his holly bosom. OK!, I know? That isn't exactly helpful to those new to the AKUS phenomenon. I'll try to be level headed about this. If you are reading this, you are looking for guidance, so for those who have resisted buying any AKUS until NOW... Shame on you! But OK, if that be the case, you're best bet for a high saturation of OUTSTANDING ballads is "New Favorite" which has some good B-grass also, or "Forget About It" But this is void of any B-grass whatsoever, (how'd that happen?). For the most balanced album with STRONG Ballads AND B-grass, "So Long So Wrong" is your good first choice. If you prefer the older works of AKUS (lots of B-grass) but can't decide which to buy, your best bet is "Now That I've Found You" without question. Unless you have a specific song title in mind, "Lonely Runs Both Ways" may not be your best first purchase. Stellar performances on ALL titles are to be found without question. Myself? I heard AKUS the first time in 1992. I was awe-struck, and remain so with each release from Alison or AKUS. When god shines, HE SHINES. One day I hope a CD of all of Alisons singles from movie sound-tracks etc... will be released. I own every Alison "album" released so far, other than the occasional wayward single. I can say the same for Dan & Rons works also. Jerry!... lol, Dude, nobody has enough money or time to buy everything YOU've put your personal touch too. However, I can nearly always detect your sound & style, sight unseen whenever I hear it, ". Alison & the group are beyond mere descriptive phrases. Certainly they are perfection, in humility, talent, taste, execution, communion and musicianship. Yet, these words are only glimpses of the greater power one can sense from every utterance AKUS make. Thank You Alison, Dan, Ron, Jerry, Barry et all...  I appreciate your music sooooo very much.

same as the last cd was for a friend did not open or listen to it so can not really rate

If you're just now reading a review of this six-year-old album you're probably a non-bluegrass fan like me who has just stumbled on Alison Krauss' amazing voice (thank you Coen brothers). So you're clicking through reviews to get a feel for an album that might appeal to you, well stop here - this is the one you're after.As the title says this is a collection. It's perfectly paced from song to song and gives a full view of the range of AK's talent. There's bluegrass and standards and even gospel. For me the highlight of the album is the relatively obscure and simple Beatles song &quot;I Will&quot;, AK's treatment of this just breaks your heart. The title song never sounded better anywhere, in fact I never cared for it until I heard it here. And Alison's classic &quot;Every time you say Goodbye&quot; makes bluegrass fans out of us non-believers. It's hard to leave a song out of the review, I find myself humming the pure bluegrass &quot;Teardrops Will Kiss the Morning Dew&quot; as I type.Not a dull moment on this CD, not a song not to like. Alison's confident yet sweet soprano puts life and warmth in every song and she's backed on most songs by the talented Union Station and by her own incredible fiddle.So you can stop sifting through the reviews, this is the Alison Krauss ablum you're looking for. This album may help you, like it has me, discover a delightful slice of American music you've been missing.

I've heard all the hype about Alison Krauss and her musical influence on artists such as Nickel Creek.  I wanted to see what I was missing out on given Alison's reputation and tried this as my introduction to her music.  This highly rated CD was a major disappointment to me.  She sounds like a little kid singing and all but a couple of songs sound the same.  A little too country style for my taste.

Alison Krauss has the voice of an angel. I like all the songs on this DVD. Easy listening. A joy to listen to while I am driving.

I bought this CD initially for the remake of Keith Whitley's &quot;When you Say Nothing At all&quot;, I had never heard of Alsion Krauss before.  However, this CD has remained a part of my rotating collection of CDs that  I listen to constantly.  She has the most beautiful voice and really knows  how to play the fiddle. Even non-country lovers, can appreciate this  wonderful collection. A good mix of love songs and upbeat tunes as well.

I could listen to this talented musician all day! Wish some of her talent would rub off on me.

Few people sing romantic songs with more feeling than Alison Krauss.  We enjoyed this collection of Allison Krauss songs a lot.

Alison Krauss is an amazing country singer who has an amazing voice that makes you want to grab the one you love and hold them close to you and never let them go. This album of her's is so heartfelt. She puts a lot of feeling into her music and this is one of her best albums. I really enjoy listening to this album all the time.

Krauss's soothing voice and beautiful instrumental sound make this CD both upbeat and relaxing.

Another review questioned whether this was truly bluegrass and I agree as this album has elements of old and new country, gospel, folk, and even a little rock and roll as well as bluegrass.  I haven't heard her other albums, but I wouldn't say this collection is 'bluegrass.'  But whatever genre of music this album falls into, it is one of the best albums I own.  Alison's voice is absolutely amazing and very versatile, ranging from pure country twang to a Jewel-like sound.  Her singing is never pretentious or overpowering.  The band is also top notch as well as the entire collection of songs.  You may have heard the song &quot;When You Say Nothing At All&quot; often played on country music stations.  I wonder why that song and a genuine talent like Alison isn't topping the charts instead of the Celine Dions of the world.  This album sits on my shelf along with everything from Rage Against the Machine, Nick Drake, Miles Davis, and Beastie Boys and I regard this is one of my favorite albums, not just one of my favorite country albums.

I love her singing - her country blues tone just soars.I love her fiddle playing to accompany her singing.

Like most products that I order here, it arrived earlier than promised, EVEN w/the free shipping option.I could not find this CD anywhere and as the one song was performed at my son's wedding, he wanted to get it for his new wife!Again, Amazon came through.

arrived on time, item accurately described by seller, item packaged acceptably by seller, and would recommend this seller to a friend

Allison Krauss has the voice of an angel. Union Station would win an instrumental duel with the devil.

This music is the blood that flows from America's heartland. Alison Krauss is everything but disappointing. Her vocals start from deep inside the soul and reach the heavens. While she performs some very traditional music, it is done with so much talent that it transcends well into today's music collections with no effort.Fans of Alison Krauss who enjoyed this CD will be delighted to hear her perform &quot;Down To The River To Pray,&quot; &quot;I'll Fly Away,&quot; and &quot;Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby&quot; on the soundtrack to &quot;O BROTHER, Where Art Thou?&quot; on Mercury&trade; records.

I'm not a country and western fan, but I had been searching for this recording without knowing what it was since hearing the first track (the title track) while driving around the Washington DC beltway in 1996. The radically different vision Alison Krauss had for this old Four Tops (?) favorite was startling and stayed with me until the end of 2013 from that one hearing until I finally thought to get clever about locating the recording.For me the rest of the material is pleasant (surprisingly so to me) but the best of the album is that title track still.Krauss' voice brings an ethereal quality to all the songs on the album that really stands out, making the songs appeal outside of the usual audience for C&W; material.At least, that's the appeal for me. Without her voice I doubt I'd give any of this stuff a second hearing which is a terrible snub to the excellent musicians in the band who deliver tight, professional performances in their own right, but that's just my tin ear at work.Worth a listen.

My brother just got married and there were people of all ages, from all around the country at there. This CD was one of several that was played frequently. I love it - but I like bluegrass and country music. Even the New Yorkers like Alison. I don't know how she does it - but if I were to pick one CD that appealed to everyone, this would be it. I don't mean it's inoffensive or generic. I mean people of all ages and walks of life love this music.

Even back in 1995, Alison Krauss's star was shining brightly and this Rounder anthology showcases her talents as vocalist, fiddler, interpreter and band leader. The collection opens with three then previously unreleased tracks, including the gorgeous "Baby, Now That I've Found You."  [Her voice simply melts in you ears!] The other two new tracks include "Oh, Atlanta" (not to be confused with the Little Feat song of the same name) and the ballad "Broadway" written by Sidney and Suzanne Cox.Six of the remaining songs come from albums done with Union Station, the Cox Family and her 1987 solo album.  However, what makes this collection especially enjoyable is that it also includes "When You Say Nothing at All," AKUS's contribution to KEITH WHITLEY: A TRIBUTE ALBUM, along with "I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby" from Jerry Douglas's abum SLIDE RULE and a moving rendition of the Beatles' I Will" from Tony Furtado's album WITHIN REACH.You won't find a better introduction to this amazingly gifted artist.  VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

Alison Kraus has a sweet and simple voice which sounds to me like down-home original Country, not this new-fangled glizty galmour stuff they belt out these days. I love the first two tracks, &quot;Baby, Now that I've  Found You,&quot; and &quot;Oh Atlanta.&quot; Anyone from Georgia should  love this ode to the state. But there's something here for us Northerners,  and right on the next track, with &quot;Broadway,&quot; a song about  yearning for fame, symbolized by that famous New York Street. These songs  sound so pure. The band is great too, and Ms. Kraus sure can play the  fiddle. I highly recommend this CD.

I can't say enough about this incredibly talented singer/violinist/violist/bandleader/talent scout. What can't this lady do? Come up with a bad album, I think. This is a great place to start down the road to Alison Krauss fandom, showcasing her ability to sing just about anything, yet stamp it with her own personality. A joy from start to finish--even my kids, at 2, 4, and 6 years old, slow down to listen and dance to this one.

This is a very nice review of Ms. Krauss' solo work.  She has a characteristic voice which resonates throughout this whole collection.  Easy listening of a classic voice!!

I first was introduced to Alison Krauss as many others were, most likely--in the "O Brother, Where Art Thou" collection.  This isn't completely akin to that fantastic disc, but it's gorgeous in its own right.  Definitely worth getting--her voice is pure and simply beautiful.My favorites on the CD include the title track, plus "I Will" (remade from the old Beatles hit, and it's a standout here for Alison, too) and "Everytime You Say Goodbye", which I think is just beautiful.  All told, it's a solid piece of work, and one of the CDs I keep in my car for those long drives when you want something soft, moody, and wonderful.

I own ever Cd Ever put out by her and Union Station...Everything she sings is golden.

This is a must have for Alison Krauss fans. Over 40 minutes of all your favorites on one cd. If you want vinyl, it will cost you however. But here is what you get, and every one a Cadillac (my favorite Dave Robicheaux line)01. Baby, Now That I've Found You02. Oh, Atlanta03. Broadway04. Every Time You Say Goodbye05. Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too Alison Krauss06. Teardrops Will Kiss The Morning Dew07. Sleep On08. When God Dips His Pen of Love in My Heart09. I Will10. I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby11. In The Palm Of Your Hand12. When You Say Nothing At All

Alison Krauss is one of my favorite bluegrass singers, and arguably one of my favorite singes period.  She shows with this album that she has range, as a wide variety of song types has made its way onto this CD.1. Baby, Now That I've Found You: This has a pop sound of the 80's and still holds true to her bluegrass roots.  It reminds me of other pop songs of the time.2. Oh, Atlanta: By far my favorite track on this CD.  The quick bluesy, jazz sound is unique.  I have not heard very many songs with a sound like this one.3. Broadway:  A slower, more traditional country sounding song.  Not bad, but not a standout.4. Every Time You Say Goodbye: A true bluegrass sound, this song really stays true to her roots.  It has everything I like about bluegrass.5. Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too:  A very traditional country sound, reminiscent of the singers of Hank Sr.s' day.6. Teardrops Will Kiss the Morning:  Another oldie country sound.  The lyrics really don't do much for me, but Krausses voice helps carry this song for me.7. Sleep On:  This has the sound of what country will become, with some of the sound of the day mixed in.  I find it hard to dislike any song in which Krauss harmonizes.8. When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart:  Straight out of the gospel roots of bluegrass, it has the old-time church sound.  That is something I normally love, but this song doesn't really work for me.9. I Will:  This song is one of the definitions I use when explaining Krausses sound.  The pure, clean sounding vocals with touching lyrics is her hallmark, and what keeps me coming back.10. In The Palm of Your Hand:  Another of her classics, this song touches me.  It speaks to the queit southern religion of my youth.  Her voice adds an angelic sound to it that makes it a favorite.

I will probably never tire of this CD. One of my&quot;new favorites&quot;.Allison's voice sounds so wonderful!Highly recommend it.

Alison Krauss has perhaps one of the purest voices of all time.  Soothing, smooth, and slightly haunting all at once.  I can't say any more about the music here that hasn't been said already, but I will repeat that she took a great 60's pop tune (the title track) and turned it into a 100% totally different and hauntingly beautiful song that was and is all her own.Nothing but greatness here.

Alison and her band - what can I say?  This CD remains in heavy rotation due largely to my best friend, Dawn.  She harmonizes with Ali on &quot;Now That I've Found You&quot; and it's pretty stuff.The whole album is wonderfully pretty.  When I play it at my farm, my brother who lives in a house nearby, always comes down and says...&quot;Who is this again?&quot;  Enjoy.

I find Alison Krauss's voice to be angelic and hauntingly sweet.  Even when she is doing a cover of a previous hit, she brings her own style and a whole new feeling to it.  Love it!

Alison Krauss, along with her band Union Station, is probably the best-known bluegrass artist currently recording.  "Now That I Found You: A Collection" is a compilation of Alison's early work along with some new music.  Even though she was only 23 when she released this CD in 1995, Alison had been recording since she was 16.  Her pure voice shines through, and the songs are consistently excellent; however, three of them are real standouts."Baby, Now That I've Found You" is my favorite selection and simply one of the catchiest songs I've ever heard.  Whenever I hear it, the tune gets imbedded into my mind and plays on a continuous loop for days.  The song was originally a #11 pop hit in 1968 for the Foundations, who are perhaps better known for "Build Me Up Buttercup."  It was only a minor country hit for Alison (#49 in 1995), although it netted her a Grammy for Best Country & Western Vocal Performance - Female.  "When You Say Nothing At All" is Alison's biggest country hit, having peaked at #3 in 1995.  What makes its success all the more amazing is that it was a #1 hit just seven years earlier for Keith Whitley.  It's clearly become one of Alison's signature songs.  The final standout for me is "I Will" written by those great bluegrass artists - Lennon and McCartney!  Only a tremendous talent like Alison could make a Beatles song into a bluegrass masterpiece.This CD was an unexpected hit - selling more than 2 million copies.  It also helped Alison win 3 major Country Music Association Awards in 1995 - Horizon (best new artist), Female Vocalist, and Single of the Year for "When You Say Nothing At All."  I'm by no means an expert on bluegrass, and I admit that most of the bluegrass CDs I own feature Alison Krauss.  However, I certainly recognize quality music when I hear it, and "Now That I Found You: A Collection" is outstanding contemporary bluegrass.  Most highly recommended.

I first saw Allison Krauss and Union Station on TV about a month ago.  While surfing through the channels to find something interesting I heard Allison's sweet voice, Needless to say I was hooked from that point on.She has a very soothing and comforting voice and along with Union Station and their great musicians that accompany her on some of her albums, you are in for a lot of enjoyment. She's great.

I'm not sure how this woman would be classified... I guess it's generally country music, with a hint of bluegrass.  But in certain songs, I also detected some gospel influence.  Note that I have NEVER been a country music lover.  My taste in music is very wide - West African, Brazilian, Greek, electronica, soul/funk, classic rock.  I saw Alison performing on public TV a few weeks ago, and was just blown away - so much so that I went out to buy the CD.Almost every track is wonderful in its own right.  Alison's voice is so beautiful, but I think it's the combination of all the talents on this CD that makes it so wonderful.  The song-writing is excellent, and the banjo pickin' is also.I'm so glad to have discovered her, and to now have this CD in my collection.

