The toner arrived in a sealed original box but it did not perform like any other HP toner I have used.  The powdery &#34;ink&#34; doesn't set correctly and leaves grey smudge over every page.  It's not my printer because I changed out the toner and it worked fine.

After using re-manufactured or off-brand cartridges over the years, one concludes that the risk to the printer and the compromise of print quality are not worth the cost savings of a cheaper cartridge.  In this case, the difference in cost is small.

I think these have been sitting in a warehouse for quite some time.  It was as advertised model in a hp box but the sealed box looked to be worse for wear.  And after installing it I found out it was bad.  Maybe from being many years old. A quick response from the seller that I did not inform them in time. So I'm stuck with junk. I found a new new one at fry's electronics for almost half this price.

This was the second item sent. It is an HP OEM toner cartridge and prints beautiful. The first unitI received, however  was in a similar box but slightly different. The toner cartridge didn't print any betterthan a cheat refill cartridge and shortly smeared all printing attempts. I believe it was acounterfit unit. Anyway the seller sent out a replacement unit immediately and this unit wasa real HP product.

I was a little worried about the price being lower than the competition, but higher than the obvious non-HP compatibles. I got the toner in reasonable time, it was in the original HP box, with the original seal sticker over the pull-tab. So I would have to say I did get an OEM HP toner cartridge.  Works great - but I've only just installed it.

New genuine HP product, not a 3rd party refurbished unit.  Fits and works great on my HP Laserjet 4ML Postscript, with excellent print quality.

The toner seemed packaged like new,but when installed the print is very light. I tried shaking it and reinstalling it,but same results. I have replaced these toners many times before and never had this problem. Since I sent back the old toner for recycling, I have no packing to return it.

Great for the old printer that won't die. Quality product, clean cartridge, easy to install. Comes with a return shipment to send back the old cartridge for recycling.

Cartridges are old (use by 2010 printed on box), and produces deficient printing results (light areas on printed pages). Do not waste your money.

This cartridge is for an old printer, so may be obsolete.  The first one they sent me did not print very well (too light), but they sent me another one.  Good customer service.

Product was exactly as it was described and delivered quickly.

Exactly what I needed and so very happy to find the product still available.  Thanks for everything your service is much appreciated.

Exactly the same as the original and the printer is about 15 years old so I have had to special order.  That cost about $100.00 and this was less than half that.  Well worth it as they last for years.

Perfect product, exactly as described. These guys get an A+. The printer cartridge arrived in original packing with an open box. Well wrapped. The old printer got a new life.

The original HP box with the cartridge I received looks like it was damaged.I suspect that is why it was considerably less expensive than if I had purchasedit from HP directly. This is not the external packaging used to send it to me.There was no damage externally.Caveat emptor - this was not advertised to be damaged, but usable packaging.

Pleasantly surprised at the speed and efficiency of filling my order.The substitution of retail packaging instead of  shipping in the original carton was very much appreciated because of the stock record error that indicated the &#34;original&#34; was in stock.

I am very happy with the HP Laserjet 74A Black Cartridge.  The printing is very clear and easy to read.

I love Amazon! The service is great and the quality of the products is just what you would expect.I tried a refurbished toner for my HP printer, but it didn't work properly. I will only buy new from HP from now on.

It's becoming increasingly hard to find this cartridge for my very old, but trusty and dependable HP 4P LaserJet Printer. (After all, how many printers can print on a 3 x 5 card?) I was pleased to not only find this product at a lesser price than I had paid previously, but it arrived on time and in good condition. Can't complain about that!

I ordered through Amazon from Toner King, but never received the toner cartridge.  I emailed Toner King twice, again through Amazon, and received no response.  I ordered the toner cartridge from another vendor.

Buying toner can put you in the poor house these days.  I don't know why this retailer can sell at this price, but I took a chance and it worked out well.  Gonna order another one.

Excellent

HP Laserjet 74A toner cartridge has superior quality compared to the off-brands. Images are much clearer and text much crisper.

This printer is a true workhorse, and I was glad to find such a good deal on a great printer cartridge.

Maybe OEM has nothing to do with whether something is remanufactured, but it was not what I expected.

does the job well, met the need for a reasonably priced printer cartridge for a customer, that was very reliable

Neither toner cartridge works.  They were very old, in original packaging, looked clean, but both quit after 2 sheets printed, probably due to malfunctioning internal components.

Product a total joke as it is not a package of toner for a working printer.  Toner leaked all over, nearly destroyed the printer and the cartiridge was worthless.  Don't buy unless you like to waste money, ruin equipment and never work on deadline.

I'd given up on my very efficient HP laser jet 4P because I didn't want to pay the exorbitant prices asked at the big box office supply stores just for black and white print...when I saw this I figured for the Amazon price I'd order one...works Great and will save me $$$ when printing multiple b & w pages.  It prints a greater black...sharper than any of the ink jets I'd used over the years!

This seller was fantastic to work with, my cartridge was OEM, which I wanted for my printer.  Recommend, sorry this was late I thought I had written a review already

My HP Laserjet 4MP is the very first piece of equipment purchased over 19 years ago for my business and it is still going strong.  Certainly doesn't get any points for speed, but it has been consistent.  And with the growth of technology over the years I haven't used it to death and still (hopefully) have as many years as I need it to finish out my working career. So glad they still make cartridges for this model.

I'm figuring that HP is still kicking themselves for making such terrific printers 15 - 20 years ago, and that they wish companies would just burn whatever toner cartridges for those printers that they still have in stock.This was perfect for my old HP 4L, purchased in 1995 or so.  The box looked as though it had been sitting in a warehouse for a decade (dusty, scuffed and faded), but the cartridge works just fine. And with normal home/small business use, it'll last 2 years or so like all of my previous replacements.  I should buy 2 or 3 more since the stockpile is sure to run out some day.....Compare this price to what you pay today for ink jet cartridges that empty out in a month. Granted, it's not color...but 90% of what I print doesn't need that.

I bought the Laserjet 4ml to use with both Mac Classic and PC and it has lasted and lasted.  The only problem I ever had was with "compatible" cartridges.  With a non-HP cartridge the toner went everywhere.  I thought the printer had died but it cleaned up immediately with a new HP cartridge.The printer itself fell of the moving van last time I moved and rolled end-over-end down the driveway.  I pushed the cover to get it to go back on.  It complains occasionally but keeps running.  I am waiting for it to die so I can buy a color laserjet (HP) but it WILL NOT DIE.  It will probably outlast me if I can still get cartridges.

My printer is 20 years old and still prints beautifully! I am relieved to still be able to purchase cartridges! Thanks

I would have thought that buying a genuine HP product would have been better than buying a copy, but this cartridge was defective. I thought my trouble was using cheap paper, and didn't recognize the cartridge leakage until too late to return it.

I have a HP Laserjet 4L and was unable to get a replacement for the cartridge locally.  (Fry's had a rebuilt cartridge which only lasted a few weeks.)  I am very grateful that I now know where I can purchase a cartridge replacement iwhen I need one, as I really like my printer very much and hope to be able to continue to use it for some time.

Product was easy to order, received sooner than stated, and has performed as expected so far and do not expect any problems in the future.

The title says it all. The product came promptly and in a new sealed box as I expected. I would recommend doing business with this supplier to anyone.

this product works fine, and was received promptly. I have ordered it several times in the last few years for my old printer.

After having a problem with a cartridge purchased from another supplier, I decided to go back to the HP brand. When it arrived, I opened the box, installed the cartridge and started printing. End of story.

I've heard nothing but bad stuff about the 3rd party toner cartridges, so glad to be able to get a genuine article. HP please start making them again - they're lots of us out there still loving our (now ancient) HP printers - mine is from the mid 90's and still works fine. I'm afraid lack of cartridges rather than any problem with the printer may limit use of them.

The ink cartridge leaves lines and marks on each page printed.  If I was printing for serious, professional purposes, I would not be able to use it.

Order placed: May 14, 2010 Credit Card charged 5/14/2010.Delivery estimate: May 20, 2010 - May 25, 2010Charge Canceled. The online purchase was made on may 14 with scheduled delivery between May 20 and May 25. I called the vendor who stated that the package must have been lost in the mail & that he would send another to arrive May 27. The UPS truck was already in the neighborhood & the package has yet to be delivered. Package did not arrive on May 27thPackage was finally delivered on May 28 (Memorial day weekend) I have not yet been billed for the second package (minus the delivery charge as per Super Deal.

the HP box was a bit beat up when I opened the shipping box, however the cartridge was sealed and works fine.

Product was as advertised and received in a timely manner. I would buy again from

I purchased this toner cartridge for a 20-year-old hp LaserJet 4P. I highly recommend brand-name hp toner for hp machines, and would not risk buying off-brand or remanufactured toners.As long as this product is available, I can continue to use my old printer for light duty black & white printing to supplement my newer, high-tech color inkjet and LED printers.

Thank you for providing this product.  Staples no longer carries the cartridge, thought it was the end of our favorite printer.

Shipment was prompt.  Ordered 2 74A cartridges which were discontinued by HP manufacturer.  Installed first cartridge and it is working perfectly  This saved me from discarding a perfectly good (old) printer because of inability to buy cartridges.  Makes me one very thrifty and happy customer!

I have an HP Laserjet 4ML printer, a very old model, but it still works well. The toner for it is extremely hard to find, so I was delighted to find two at Amazon. The toner comes in a larger size than many for newer printers, and as such it lasts an extremely long time. Being laser toner (a powder, not a gel or liquid), it doesn't dry out. I am completely satisfied with it.

I was unable to purchase a cartridge for my HP Laser Jet 4L printer in my local area.(A 100 mile radius at big office supply stores)I was excited and pleased to find the cartridge listed on Amazon. It was cost effective and arrived in the time stated. I have been using the printer with the new cartridge for a month now - the print is clear and uniform. Thank goodness I did not need to replace the printer - it is 22 years old and still works as good as the day I bought it. It is awesome to find and purchase hard to find items. Thank you to those who list their products with Amazon.

The cartridge is working great and plan to get another one for stock-pile. It is nice to find an affordable way to keep my great HP 4L running.

The price was right plus I don't think they manufacture these anymore. Couldn't find them at HP, Stapes or Office Depot.

This is used in my very old HP Laserjet 4 printer -- what a workhorse!  The cartridge was difficult to find but when shipped it arrived in perfect condition and was exactly the one I needed.

This product arrived so badly damaged, (which was obvious at the time it was shipped) I did not even waste my time trying to see if it worked.  What a waste of my time....If it really was shipped from HP, then they have major problems.  The box was so water damaged it was falling apart in my hands......

Arrived factory sealed and worked great. I would definitely recommend this to people looking for a cheap, name brand, brand new toner.

I am very happy with the cartrige I had to get for my old HP Laserjet 4L which still works like new. The product arrived promptly, in the manufacturer's box.and in good condition. No problem so far..

At first it was not giving very clear print.  It still does not seem sharp.  Perhaps it was a bit old from sitting around.  Not sure how long it will last with that start.

We placed the laser ink cartridge in my printer and it does not print.  I went to the box that it was in and on the end  printed in red Isaw that someone had returned it in 2008 from a printer that had died.  Now I still do not have ink and I am unable to print outany information to return the cartridge.  In the 5 years since it was returned it must have dried out.  I have a $53.00 dollar investmentand still no printer because the cartridge doesn't have ink.  What do I do now?Karen

Hewlett stopped making the cartridges years ago.  Hopefully this will work as it's very old. The printer is still working great

The listing is titled "HP Laserjet 74A Black Cartridge in Retail Packaging." That it specified the packaging seemed odd, and made me skeptical as to whether it was indeed an original cartridge--especially at $15.99 + $7.49 shipping (through JAMInnovations, one of the "100 new" listed by Amazon). At that price, though, I ordered two, and I am glad I did--they're the real McCoy, complete with the prepaid HP recycling program.

I have had my HP 4P for 16 years!  Every 2 or 3 years, I put in a new cartridge.  It was time!  I'm glad I can still find original HP cartridges.

I ordered this Ink jet cartridge from Amazon because of Amazon's outstanding reputation.  What a disappointment!  This is the worst cartridge that I have ever purchased.  Copies are worse than copies from the cartridge I replaced.  This cartridge produces "copies with a dark film across the entire page making it impossible to read.  I plan to contact Amazon for a refund.

The print is clear and the paper is clean.  It replaced an earlier cartidge that smeared toner across the about half of the sheet in a verticle streaks.

It was the correct cartridge for my printer.  HP doesn't make it any longer and did not want to buy a refurbished one. Good product for the price/

I mistakenly bought this for my HP Laserjet 4M PLUS printer, then found out it required the "98a" cartridge.  But, since I also had a Laserjet 4P packed away, I dug it out of storage and inserted this toner package, and it works fine!So good deal!  Very fast shipping, and nice price...I will buy from Toner Planet again!

I received this printer cartridge on the estimated delivery date.  After not being able to find this particular printer cartridge at my local Office Depot, Office Max or Best Buy I turned to Amazon.Fortunately, I found this cartridge for half the price that I would have gotten it from the retailers I mentioned (when they carried it).  So I loved that part of it.  I bought a new cartridge, however, when I recieved it it, it came a reused cartridge box.  There was even an old mailing label on it with the addressee info blacked out with magic marker.  Does not make a good impression at all.I just so happen to notice there was a very small mailing label on one of the box's sides with &#34;New Printer Cartridge&#34; typed on it.  That did not help my initial response.I was so disappointed with the shabby look of the that box it angered me.  I immediately thought this would turn out to be a terrible product and I would have to send it back.  To my relief it turned out to be a new cartridge that did not streak, or stain the paper and printed great quality on the first test and ever since nearly a month later.

I received the toner very quickly in original packaging as described and am very pleased with this purchase.  I will use this vendor in the future.

Well, I am still using an older HP 4L Laserjet printer in my home office, and though old it is still working great. It's been with me through many iterations of Windows, its outlived a number of computers, and is now working with a 3-year old Windows 7 computer. Its been a real workhorse, and though I've had trouble with other HP printers after a few years of use, I have nothing to complain about with this one. Trouble is, HP considers this too old (Win 95 era), and it's tough to find original replacement toner cartridges for it. You can buy cartridges that are remanufactured, re-filled, etc. and they are cheap, but quality is very "iffy". So I was happy to find this brand-new cartidge in origiinal packaging, and it works great. I know, I know; for the price of this new cartridge, I could have bought one of the cheap low-line laser printers brand new, but I would still need to buy a cartridge for them anyway (since they only come with "starter" toner), and the quality of these printers, while generally faster, is not as good as the old HP! So I am happy, and the machine should last me a few more years...maybe by then I'll retire and won't care about toner anymore.

Many stores are not stocking it. I have to shop around and buy in bulk. It serves a great printer, but the printer has become obsolete.

I just received it to replace a re-manufactured cartridge and it works perfectly. I am VERY happy with it and highly recommend going with actual product versus re-manufactured.

toner is light,  I should have bought from HP direct like I have done in the past.  Lesson learned, oh well

I bought this toner refill HP 92274A for my printer HP Laserjet4MP. I looked around for the best price I could get and Amazon.com was the place that met my needs. I ordered this product and I installed it without any trouble. I will recommend Amazon.com if you ever need anything online, their prices are comparable to other stores if not better.

Arrived in a timely manner just as described.  Loved being able to get this replacement without having to drive two hours to the nearest store that carries it.  Price was excellent.

We were worried about not getting the real HP product, but that is absolutely what it was, and at nearly half off the price at Staples.

The HP 92274A Toner Cartridge box had obviously been crushed BEFORE it was packed and sent to me.  Although the cartridge itself might not have been damaged, I wasn't going to take that risk because I would not be using it for several months (i.e. AFTER it was too late to return it if it was damaged).

After paying $75 for this item, it does not work properly.  It puts ink all over the paper and is useless.

This cartridge is no longer carried by HP.  Too bad, because my printer works perfectly after all these years.  I was delighted to find this cartridge.  It came exactly as advertised, on time and new.

The cartridge arrived very promptly and is indeed a new, original HP toner cartridge. Best of all it was about $70 cheaper than if I had bought the same item at Staples.

I was so worried after reading several reviews of this product. It is working fine for me. I have had this printer since about 1994 and gone through numerous toner cartridges.I was glad to pay such a reasonable price. I am very pleased with the product.

Horrible.  Can't even see the printouts as the ink is so light (empty???) even after many pages of test prints.  Would not recommend purchasing at all, ever.

It was exactly as advertised and arrived as stated.

was disappointed that the ink was dull, not sharp, as my other newer more expensive cartiridges have been in the past. price & delivery was great!

I have had this toner since 9-2013 and today I had to replace it as it has run out of ink.  Toners in the past that I have used have lasted more than a year with the same amount of printing that I do.  I think this is a complete rip-off.

Item received promptly - no problems - satisfied with purchase. Cartridge was what was ordered and it works well. I would order again from this vendor.

Amazon shipping box was perfect condition. Inside the box, the OEM HP box was crushed, torn and heavy tapped. The code date on HP box was obliterated. Inside the box, the top of toner bag was dusty showing that box was opened for long time. Cartridge looks new. Initial self test printout looks very good. Not confident enough to recommend.

It would not produce good clean copies, I feel the ink inside was old.  The package looked like it had been wet at some time!

This is the HP cartridge for the HP 4 MP printer, a wonderful postscript printer that is still going strong!  I bought this in April of 2013 and waited to write this review to give the product time to see if it holds up.  So far, so good!  The cartridge works perfectly and I am happy with this purchase.  They also provided a mail in box with free shipping label so I could recycle my old cartridge.

It was a relief to find this for a workhorse printer that is over 25 years in use.HP no longer supports the printer so they do not sell the cartridges.  This is a shame because new printers are flimsy and destined for the garbage within one year.

Sorry to report that this ink cartridge spilled half the power ink inside, when I pulled the tab to release the ink. I did not pull hard: I have purchased cartridges from retail outlets in the past without trouble. Somehow the tab kept coming out until the ink started to spill out--leaving me with about half or less remaining in the cartridge.

I have owned this printer since it was built, and I have replaced toner cartridges about once every year and a half, and maybe longer than that.  I could not be more pleased with the printer or the toner.  My printouts are clear, sharp, and smudge-free.  I have never had a problem with the printer or needed to have it repaired.  It may not be color, but it is much more reasonable to use and maintain.  Cudos to Amazon for giving me a great price on a great product!!!!!!  Cudos to HP for a great old printer!!!!!!

I recived mi cartridges. And I like them very much. Thank You so much. I will bae your customer for life time.

good price

After getting tired of being fleeced on ink jet cartridges at $20-30 a cartridge, I decided to try to buy a parallel / USB conversion cable and try to get my old trusty HP 4L to work with my USB only PC.  I got it to work then needed to get a new cartridge.  I bought a non OEM &#34;OEM spec&#34; cartridge for about $30.  It didn't last long and the print quality was bad.I finally bought the original HP cartridge and have never been more pleased.  Great print quality! and great cartridge life!We also still have an ink-jet for color printing, but the bulk of our printing is done on the 4L at a fraction of the cost.

My hp4l must be 20 years old now and still works like a champ.  The 74a cartridge works just like the day I bought the printer.

Everything with my order went perfect and I even received my shipment early. Very imressed.

Product came in original packaging as described.  Thrilled to find product for my older laser printer that still works perfectly for my home use!

I had a previous disappointment for this very hard to find toner.  This seems to work fine and the price was acceptable.  I will gage the usage but everything seems fine.  The HP 4p is the best B/W laser printer ever invented but is so old you cannot find toner in retail.  Thanks to Amazon and the delivery time was outstanding.  Excellent job all around.  (Assuming the life of the toner is good).

Received item in excellent condition as described. Had to wait quite a while to receive it, but was able to s-t-r-e-t-c-h the life out of the old Toner before it arrived. New Cartridge is working great!

The product arrived on time and was exactly as advertised. I could not be more happy. I will order again for this same product.

If this was from OC, the packaging was bad, and after opening the soft cover bag found the box had been dented.It printed a few copies.  I used it again a few days later and all I got was opaque pages and barely readable print.I notified OC but never heard back from themI did tell them I returned it to HP and bought another from another Amazon vendor.Roman Melnyk

I like getting original HP products for my laser printer that is now over 15 years old but works fine.

Amazon has this product when all others have failed or eliminated it for purposes I only conclude to force the user to replace the laser printer with the latest equipment.If it ain't broke, then why replace it!Thank you for your commitment to supply this cartridge.Ron Gold

The price is high, but this cartridge provides very good quality.  I won't risk messing up my high priced printer by using cheaper reconditioned cartridges.

I have an older printer and it's hard to find these cartridges. Office supply stores want outrageous amounts for these.  I bought 2 new ones, just not in the original boxes. The seller gave me a deal since I was buying two. They print great.

I have had an HP 4p laser printer, black only since 1993.This cartridge is good for 6,000 copies and I recently replaced it. It fell right in and is working well again, slow printer but excellent cartridge keeps me using the old standby.

I have a HP LaserJet 4L that has been sitting around for a couple of years.  I needed a solid printer for a project I was working on and I remembered this one but it was out of toner.  I was surprised to find out that Staples and Office Depot no longer carried it, so I turned to Amazon.  As an Prime member, I got it right away with free shipping and it fit the bill.  The printer works like new with crisp, error free printing.  The cost was cheaper than I remembered too (or maybe I am used to paying high prices for ink jets!).

I was so happy to find this product for my old laser printer at such a reasonable price.  However, after several weeks of use, the items printed came out dirty and streaked.  Therefore, I cannot use the printer.

I received the cartridge in a timely manner with original HP packaging, including an inner plastic sealed cartridge.  Replaced my old cartridge with this new one and it has worked great!  Like others, I am glad that I was able to find a cartridge for this older, yet extremely reliable, printer.  Will be ordering more so to have a future supply on hand.

This product was awful. The box it came in looked liked its been through a storm. But, worst part about it was that it was a faulty toner. Very disappointed- wouldn't recommend!

After looking locally for a replacement printer cartridge for my HP 4L Laserjet Printer (old, but extremely reliable), and being surprised at the retail cost, I looked on-line.  Amazon and the supplier provides an OEM (HP) printer cartridge at a very reasonable price.  It arrived (in the OEM box) and was easily installed and works fine.  As long as it is possible, I will only use HP cartridges in my printer.

Had previously bought an after-market item (not from this seller) and it worked terribly.  Spent a little extra money and got this.  I'm back to being able to use my printer again.

the toner must have sat around to long as it did not work.the items will be returned when have time

The box was  a bit dirty as was somewhat expected, but it is clearly a sealed HP box. I haven't had need of using is yet, but I expect it will perform as all the previous HP cartridges I've used in my 4P printer have over the years. If I find otherwise I'll update this review, but at this point I must say this is one heck of a bargain.

I've been using my LaserJet 4P since 1999, and as long as I can keep buying these toner cartridges, I'll keep using it!

Saved on price and it was just like the one I purchased new last year for twice the amount.

A hard to find replacement cartridge. This a manufacturer produced replacement and works flawlessly with my printer. I would certainly recommend it.

Great, trusted quality. Keeps my ancient beloved HP printer printing strong. Recently had bad luck with an off brand cartridge with this printer so will always buy HP from now on.

Very good quality; excellent price.  It is a brand new product but dated.  Only time will tell if it is superior.  Thank you.

it's a printer cartridge. How exciting can a review be? I put it in, it worked, end of story. If you need a 74A for your lazer jet it works

I ordered a toner cartridge for a HP Laserjet 4L printer.  I received the wrong cartridge from the company.  They immediately sent out the corrected cartridge and paid for shipping on the incorrect one.The cartridge is great.  I've printed about 100 pages so far and no problems.

I finally opened the box - packaged nicely by Amazon with the Amazon tape and was horrified to see the HP box inside had previously been opened and retaped.  The same goes for the toner bag itself...previously ripped open and the toner was used.  When I replaced the cartridge it did NOT print anything, meaning it did not have any more ink.  I replaced my old cartridge and at least got an image.  I should have listened to the other bad reviews.  This is my first awful experience buying from Amazon and will tell all my friends and also go back to buying from reputable office supplies stores.

I bought this by amazon because in my country not exist more, I think it's all right, 5 to Amazon

YES,  I was very disappointed with the product for the following reasons:1.  There was NO invoice delivered with the product stating the return policy (so I didn't know I had only 1 month to return the piece of *&$%^  JUNK).  But, I'm returning it anyway, . . .2.  It was NOT delivered in the original packing box (as pictured above).  Yes, it was bubble wrapped for shipment, butit did NOT make it work (any better).3.  This was probably a 'refill' cartridge because there was NO 'pull tab' to activate it (refill was NOT stated when I purchased it).4.  And, when I finely installed it in my printer -- it did NOT print.  So, I took it out - - shook it to mix the contents and re-installed it.  Still did NOT print.  (I noted when I shook it, that the contents did NOT move or make a sound.  It felt like Iwas shaking an empty cartridge).I would NOT recommend this seller (S.W.I.T.).

This works just as it should, providing clear printing and graphics. No smudges or blurring.  Buying cheap replacements are not recommended. It is best to use what is designed by the manufacturer.

