A personal testimonial: I've tried it myself, and I can tell you that I've had absolutely NO desire to eat poop.

my dog like his kibbles more than treats (he LOVES to eat!!), and with this sprinkled on top of his food,he refuses to eat. the smell is super strong even I pull away my head when I open the jar.And, even when i hand fed him the food, he still tried to play with his poop.  (granted, he consumed smaller portion than the recommended by the direction)Overall, it may keep dogs away from their poop because they can smell this in their poop, but that same smell is present on their food, which obviously repells them.So, I do not recommend this product unless your dog eats EVERYTHING.

Not sure it worked exactly since it took a couple of weeks, but my dog is starting to eat again, so I'm happy.

My dog eats poop, any poop, all the time.  We recently moved to a house with a fenced yard so other then the occasional neighborhood cat there is no other poop in our yard. We started her on this product, after a few weeks she was no longer eating her poop.  We kept her on it but did not buy more when the tub was finished, she continued to not eat her poop, problem solved.  We recently got a second dog, and, of course, she is eating his poop.  We have now ordered more SEP to put both dogs on it.  Something to keep in mind, be sure you are feeding your dog a quality dog food. Nutritional deficiencies can cause your dog to eat poop, but also cheep dog food has sent enhancers which pass out in the poop making it smell just great to dogs.  My dog began eating poop when we lived in the city and we went to the dog park where lots of "good smelling" poop could be found, now it seems to be a habit. When we first got our new dog he was on a grocery store dog food and we had to slowly transition him, during which time our dog regained her taste for poop. I was happy with the results of SEP and expect it to work again once I put both dogs on it.

I was looking for a product that could both stop my dog from eating its own excrement and be used of all natural ingredients just in case my toddler would get his hands on it. Its tough out there, as there are many products that claim one of the above mentioned, but not both. After coming home from work and seeing my dog in an all day session of eating its own excrement I knew it was time to find a way to make him stop. I also knew that just like my dog, my kid is another important person in my life and if anything can be used for my dog, it should also be able to be used for my kid. Many of the competitive products out there are NOT all natural. Products like "Take the Poo out of your House", "Poo Free", "Ass Sealant" and "GG Allin's Stop Poo" claimed to work but were made of harsh chemicals that could damage my dogs liver, or my babies brain cells. Then it dawned on me, "Amazon sells stuff, I bet I could find something on there". After 7 days of learning how to read, I jumped on and started my search. I was able to find the Solid Gold S.E.P. and new this would tackle both necessities, Stop my dog from eating its own poo and be all natural just in case my kid would play with it.After a 2 week waiting period, I was too cheep to get the faster shipping (I've been keeping my dog and kid outside for weeks now) I got the Solid Gold S.E.P. (Stop Eating Poop) and was ecstatic. If this product could do what it said it could, my life would be complete because the two people I love the most, my kid and my dog, could now live in harmony together with me in my trailer. After my dogs first dose, I could see a major difference. It was like my dog received Shock Therapy or something, cause every-time it motioned towards its anus, it would move away and almost start to yell kind of like that movie "A Clockwork Orange" when the main character was watching "ultra violence" and would get sick because of the treatments he was receiving. It was amazing, I really saw a difference. Next was to see what it would do to my kid, so I scooped a little bit out, according to the weight chart on the back of the item and fed it to my son. He may have not liked the taste, but if it could do to my kid what it does to my dog, I knew it would be worth the bad taste. It worked! My kid hasn't touched his own poo for weeks now. Its amazing. This is a product I plan on giving all of my friends for the holidays.

So happy we found this! My french bulldogs were making messes throughout the day just to eat it. Totally disgusting. Once I started feeding this the nasty habit stopped. Once they were on the maintenance dosage, I gave even a little less than the recommended amount and it still worked. I mixed it with a little wet food and had no issues getting them to eat it.

dog is still eating poop - but not all of it.  so maybe it is starting to work. might increase the amount i put into his food and see if that finally stops this disgusting habit.

This product, used according to directions, simply did not work for my 2 Shih-Tzus.  Completely ineffective.  Made no difference at all in their behavior.

Product didn't work for my Pug puppy.  But then again, neither did the next two products I tried.  Nor did the cayenne and hot sauce on a "bomb" pooty left in the yard.  This is a really difficult problem to eradicate.

This product didn't work for my dogs at all, and the smell of it was difficult to put up with (for me). It smelled like a Christmas candy cane gone all wrong. I put it in front of them on their (dry) food, I've never seen two dogs so sad to eat their food in my life. My dogs usually chow down their food really fast. Eventually I started mixing it with a bit of pumpkin to make it more tolerable for them. In the end thogh, it didn't work and my only solution seems to be keep an eye on them like a hawk when they're out (in the fenced on yard) and dispose of the poop within a minute of it hitting the ground.

S.E.P has worked wonders for me. I must admit that I have never tried any other SEP products, but what's the point when this one definitely does the trick. Bad habits can be very hard to break, especially when they are formed while young. With S.E.P., it has been 47 days since the last time I ate poop.

I have been feeding this product, as per directions, for almost three weeks now. It has not solved any problems and has actually made the coprophagia of my two dogs much worse. They are now eating EVERYTHING, EVERY time rather than just sometimes. I have even increased the dose as recommended. Apparently it makes poop taste delicious.Additionally, I contacted the manufacturer and they do not stand behind their products. Response:"Thank you for contacting Solid Gold. I'm sorry to hear SEP didn't work for your dog. SEP makes the stool taste very bitter and though it works in many cases, we've found some dogs just don't care.Best regards,Solid Gold"Beware.

I didn't think ANYTHING could dampen my enormous German Shepherd, kennel-bred puppy's enthusiasm for, well, you know, but this product seems to have accomplished that.  I mix it in his and his bro's food (I'm also owned by a fabulously non-scat-ingesting Greyhound) with a little water and although it took a while, the GSD's interest in poopsicles seems to have diminished.  It helps, too, that I'm no longer hovering and muttering while he produces, which he found immensely entertaining.  Now that I'm not sprinting all over my frozen yard in pursuit of steaming deposits, the whole process has lost its novelty for him.  I'm not saying that I invite kisses yet, mind you -- and I still scoop, but it's no longer an Olympic event -- but at least I'm able to focus on more important aspects of his training, such as not eating the cat.  If anybody has a food additive for that, I'd be very grateful.

This product was not effective in getting my puppy to stop eating her poop.  I followed their instructions to double up on dosage at first and the dog refused to eat her food.  When I used only a regular dose of the product, the dog was not deterred from eating her poop.  I say save your money.  Diligent cleanliness of the puppy's area was the best way to control the situation.

Seems no better or no worse than other products.  Funny thing though, I actually think bulk MSG worked the best.

Got Solid Gold S.E.P. about 6 months ago.  The anti-psychotic prescriptions the doctor gave me simply hadn't detered my from my odd little habit.  Wanted to go the homeopathich route as opposed to constantly popping pills.  I sprinkled it on everything from nachos to corn and so far it's been completely effective at keeping me from slicing up the ol' deuce dog and taking a bite.  It has really made my stool smell much less appetizing.  Only thing you should be aware of is that it can alter the taste of your food.  So you may need catsup or maybe extra butter.

Sorry, we tried and tried, hoping this would be our answer but, did not render the problem with our dog.  At first, our dog would refrain from eating the feces (after we added to her food) but, after about a week she resumed to her bad practices.  We wish there was something that worked...this is so gross!

It took a few days, but both my Basset and my Lab stopped eating poop (give or take a great smelly pile here or there). The Basset was the worst and had to laugh after he started running from his own poo!

Our puppy is still eating his poop so I don't think much of this product. Very easy to use but if it doesn't work what good is it.After 2 more weeks on theSolid Gold S.E.P.:Most of the time our puppy doesn't eat his poop anymore. Big relief. And we have hope that he will stop completely soon.

I bought this product to stop the problem we were having with our 6 month old puppy. We have 5 little dogs that are paper trained. The product smells horrible to me, enough to make my stomach turn. I mixed it with canned food and all but one dog really loved it. I forced myself to tolerate the smell and continued to feed it to them for a couple of weeks once a day. It has helped to stop the problem even though one dog wouldn't eat it. I have stopped it for about a week now and it still seems to be working. I have my fingers crossed because I really don't want to smell it as I feed it anymore.

Unfortunately this product did nothing to curtail the poop buffet my dog enjoys. Solid Gold is generally a great company. I believe poop eating is a behavioral thing so they may eat it regardless until the circumstances causing the behavior are removed.

Made no difference at all in dealing with the problem...but made the dogs food taste terrible! Don't waste your money or your hope&#62;..

This product did not work for our little German Shepherd puppy. Plus, she hates the smell of the stuff and refused to eat her food if we put too much powder on it.

I'm giving it three stars because my puppy wasn't eating her poop as much but still eating her poop. It did make her poop more loose so unsure if that was a factor as to why she didn't eat her poop again. I stopped using this stuff after she turned 4 months and she isn't eating her poop anymore. Must have just been a puppy phase.

We tried Solid Gold SEP after having essentially no success with Forbid for the 2 of our 3 dogs who eat dog poop.  Unfortunately this product was even less effective than Forbid, which worked for one of our dogs for a few days.  Going to try habanero hot sauce next.

This product has not held up to extectations. It smells awful. Must taste bad to because I have not been able to get my dog to eat it well, no matter what I have mixed it in. Sooooo, it must go in the front before it works on what comes out the back. I will have to try another product. I would not recommend this procuct, especially for a picky eater, although you would not think a dog with this problem would BE a picky eater. Mine isn't, but he won't eat this stuff. I gave it 2 stars as it might work on a dog that will eat it.

Shipped & received as expected!  Now for the product -- I purchased this becuase it was recommended to me by a friend (and it worked for her dogs).  As for my puggles (pug/beagle mix)... no such luck.  I mixed it in with their food for nearly a month, and they still continued to eat poop.  The smell of S.E.P. is a bit foul, but wouldn't mind putting up with it if it actually worked for my dogs' disgusting habbit.  Well, I guess it's back to cleaning up the poop, before they get a chance to snack on it :)

I've tried every stop poop eating product on the market and they just don't work for my dog, even at a higher dose. this one worked better than most. I just have a very difficult dog. I think it would work well for dogs that do not have as severe of a poop eating problem as my dog.

Perhaps it's because our dog is incredibly food motivated (we have a 6 month old great dane), but this stuff is worthless.  She doesn't think before she eats anything. She just gobbles it down.  This doesn't deter her AT ALL. If your dog is food motivated, do not bother with this. Waste of money.

I bought his product not really having any confidence as I usually do when buying items on line so I thought what the heck. I got it, used it and WOW! My 3 Border Collies are no longer having that midday &#34;candy bar&#34; snack. Plus they love the flavor when mixed in with their food. I highly recommend it to all puppy frog owners. Good stuff!

I have not had very good success with this powder.  The soft chew work much better and can be given as a treat or crushed on food. When I tried this powder, pup wouldn't eat her food.

The product says you have to wait a few weeks for it to become effective. For us, it took a bit longer. After a month, our dog was no longer jumping right in on his own stuff, but he'd still pick it up and chew on it. Now that we're through 2 containers of SEP, and it's been about 3 months, we don't have any problems at all. We can leave him out in the yard and he's not going to eat anything he isn't supposed to. I think he reached that point after about 2 months on the product. So, while it didn't work as fast as the instructions said it would, it is working for us.

My puppy was eating her own poop for awhile, but as soon as I started adding this to her food she stopped right away! I recommend this to anyone who is having the same problem!

This product did not work for our 6 month old  German shepherd.  He's still eating poop at the same rate as before.

I have 2 doxie puppies that (apparently) find it fascinating to play and eat their poop... I bought this product in the hopes of stopping these disgusting habits. The only thing this powder has stopped, is one my puppies from eating their food, as he hates the taste of the powder. The powder smells like bitter mint, so I don't blame him. As far as stopping the poop festivities... All it has done is curtail them about 30% of the time for playing/eating their poop. I guess I'll be moving on to something else...and praying they out grow this disgusting habit.

I've tried giving my dog every anti-poop eating product on the market ... NOTHING works.  She is so obsessed with consuming poop that she regularly engages in "stealth" behavior to avoid being caught in the act.  Since she knows I will immediately intercede when she decides to "dine out", she has resorted to sneaking to her "poop pad" in hopes that I will not know what is going on.  To counteract her sneaky behavior, I bought her a collar which has chime bells attached to it. In theory, when she moves around I will hear the bells and, based on where the sound is coming from, quickly determine whether she is about to partake in "fine exotic cuisine".  Unfortunately, she my dog is apparently very wise and cunning ... she has already learned how to move about freely without moving her head and neck so that the bells will remain silent.  I'm at wits end and convinced my dog believes her poop tastes good.  NOTE --- A beautiful female dachshund is available for FREE to a good home.  :-)

My one problem dog seems to enjoy the byproduct of dinner even more since we've been using SEP!  Both dogs' stool are "loose" when we supplement with SEP, and they smell like the very strong scent of the powder itself. This product really stinks, both going in and coming out, and the stinkier the pooh, the more tempting to my dog.  We really wanted this to work.  :-(

I had hoped that this might work but it didn't.  Not even doubling the amount would stop the puppies from eating poop.  I'm looking to see if something else works.

I'm sure this stuff works for some dog owners, but not us.  We have a senior dog (beagle) and a puppy (German Shepard) and both of them continued to chow on poop after using this stuff for over two-weeks.  Back to the drawing board!

This stuff really works. I tried it for two weeks and suddenly I don't care if my boss gets his coffee half caff half decaf or if my wife needs me to come straight home and massage her Pomerainians feet. I might even decide to keep the remote to myself and tell my four year old what he can do with it.

We have had no more problem with poop eating after using SEP.  Some of the reviews that I read before I bought SEP did not correspond with our experience.  For example, one person said that it smelled terrible.  This was not true for us.  To my nose and to my wife's nose it had a little smell, but not unpleasant, kindly spicy.  One reviewer also said it was expensive.  Not true.  It lasts a long time if used as directed. My take on the SEP reviews is that the few people who found some fault wrote to complain, but satisfied users generally didn't bother.  Probably, all reviews on products sold by Amazon tend to be biased negatively.

The only think thats seems to work for our min-pins.... I have heard that it is common for Min-Pins to have this nasty habit, but nothing seemed to work until we tried SEP....so far very pleased

This is a problem in our house and we have tried many remedies.  The S.E.P. has been the only thing that has helped at all. It hasn't stopped the problem entirely, but certainly has curtailed it significantly.

I used this product without success for several weeks.  Then I read the fine print on the label, and realized the product was intended for DOGS.  I really do think they need to make that clearer before you buy.  Obviously I am not going to return a product, after I've already consumed half of it.

I researched this product, and the reviews were great. However, I am not sure it works for my dog, yet. We already used two cans (for 2 dogs), and he still is very interested in his or the other dog's poop. We'll give it two more week and see how things go...

I've tried a lot of products over the last 30 years to deal with this problem. This one works better than anything else I've ever tried.

I guess I didn't realize that it is a fine powder that has to be measured.But, it works.  I found 3 little piles not touched, so I'm happy

It helped cure a gross and disgusting habit that almost ended in divorce. But thanks to S.E.P. I'm now able to resist the temptation, and my wife is kissing me again.

One of our dogs has this issue, so we tried this product with the hope it would help.  Unfortunately, it slowed her down somewhat, but didn't eliminate the problem.  When the treatment was finished, she was right back to her original appetite.  We did not reorder.  My sense is that it depends to a large degree on the dog.

This works for our dogs!  I love this stuff - I've tried others and this is the only one that's worked for our dogs.

My dog ate the stuff, but still eats her poop. The problem is, I think, with my dog, is that she doesn't actually taste what she eats. She gobble it down so fast, there is no time for tasting. She sniffs it, then gobbles. The way this product works, is that it makes the poop taste bitter, but my dog isn't tasting the poop at all. My dog needs a product that makes the poop SMELL bad, bad enough so that even a lab won't eat it.

At first it worked OK. But my 2 little dogs still nibble at their poor. I still need to find another product that will work completely. But I say still give it a try it might work for your dog.

waste of money...does not work for my shepherd and must taste nasty as he does not like his food as much. Worth a try but did not work for me. He still eats poop...ugh.

Our black lab eats all the poop she can get her mouth on!  This product has helped tremendously.  While no product will turn her into a non-poop eating saint, we definitely see less problems with it while she is on it.  Also, we've researched all the options, and this is DEFINITELY the cheapest.

Like the other reviewer, I have a lab and he is obsessed with eating everything.  He inhales his food and poop so I doubt gets the change to taste it.  It probably would work for most dogs but think my dog is beyond help.

The SO wanted this, not me. I knew the dogs wouldn't eat it, and I was right. Plus crap like this is a waste of money anyway. Pick up your yard, lazy bones.

We used it for one week and the problem has stopped.  It has been two weeks off and we are still okay.

S.E.P. by Solid Gold.  This worked for my little cockapoo.  I kept Charlie on a leash for control of his poop eating but sometimes let him out without a leash.  He would always eat his poop.  After researching different products I decided to try S.E.P.  (I also feed him Solid Gold brand dog food so this swayed me in trying this product.)  I fed it to him twice a day and since I feed him dry food I used a teaspoon of yogurt to hold the powdered product.  After using for a few weeks, I can now let him go outside--off leash--and he doesn't even bother to take a bite.

I chose this rating as the product did not work at all.  I followed all of the instructions and recommendations.  After 3 weeks, as soon as my back was turned, my dog ran right for her poop and started eating it.Frustrated dog owner who loves his dog.

It's in power form and would be much better in tablet form. I used it one day and stopped because the dogs did not care for it spread on their food.  I'd can't comment on the results as I discarded the product

My chocolate lab has not stopped eating poop but I found out she actually likes the taste of the powder!! I put some on my finger and she licked it off eagerly!!  I think I am doomed, there is NOTHING she won't eat

Tried a couple other products before this, but this the only one that has worked.  I have two dogs and the second one started this habit and taught it to our first dog.  So disgusting!  As suggested by others we doubled the dosage and so far (about six months plus) it's been working I would say about 90% of the time (that we can tell).My husband and I work long hours so they are in our side yard (about 15 x 45) for many hours by themselves with a door to the garage.  Though we walk them in the morning and then check the side yard for any deposits before we leave for work, before using this product, it was not uncommon for us to come home to dogs with horrible breath and a side yard of half-eaten piles.  We also had a dog walker come 2-3 times a week in the middle of the day to walk them again (and pick up any piles) to alleviate this problem.  However, we still ecountered this problem rather frequently.  The poor dogs really suffered for it too because we didn't want them anywhere near us at night because they smelled so disgusting.With this product, we believe that the habit has stopped, if not all the way, at least to a significant degree.  Other than I think twice in the last six months, we now come home to dogs that don't gross us out with their bad breath anymore.  And everyone is much happier for it.One more thing:  Our first dog was starting to get finicky with his food.  I don't know if this powder was to blame or if it's a supplement that we also give to him.  But what I found out works really well are those liver biscotti sprinkles.  Just adding a bit of those to the top of his dry dog food really helps with his finishing his food.  (The second dog is a food inhaler so she's got no problem with anything we give her or add to her food.)

This stuff has a real chalky sweet smell that is hard to take even in tiny doses.  Dogs don't seem to mind but I did.  But the bigger problem is that it doesn't seem to work.  Dogs are still happy smelling poop and theirs is no more fragrant to me than it ever was.

Our otherwise very smart, very trainable shephard would do this one gross thing--recycle his waste which caused gastric distress. We started using S.E.P. and the behavior stopped. We find if we take him off S.E.P. the behavior returns, so we use it every meal. We are pleased.

I have been giving this to my 4 month old AB for over 2 weeks now. I continue to use just incase it starts to work. After the first few days of using it, it seemed to work, after that he was back to his old ways.I know that most puppies have this gross habit and it's something that they just grow out of, but I was trying to find something to make this stop soon and had no luck with this product.

Second product we have used to date. Used as directed and had no effect on our dog wanting to continue eating cat poop!

This smells really strange. My dogs seem to like it but the pills that other companies make are easier to use. Not sure I will buy this again. I have gone through two cans of it and it seems expensive for how long it lasts.

We have only been through one container of SEP, but it seems to be working on my two dogs.  If we come home late or leave them alone in their dog run for too long, we'll still see evidence that they have eaten a bit of their poop (guh, so gross!), but it seems that they only eat a little bit of it now -- which is way better than it was before when they only left little remnants.  It just seems that something about the SEP turns them off the taste (what could possibly taste worse?!?), whereas previously they were really enthusiastic about the poop-eating.  Anyway, this is a much better result than previous pills and products that we used to use (including feeding them spinach and pumpkin) -- none of which seemed to have an effect.  At this point, short of quitting our jobs and staying home with the dogs all day, this is the best we can do to curtail this disgusting habit.  We walk them in the morning and again when we get home from work, but during the work day they are pretty much all alone in the run and when they gotta go, they gotta go -- and I guess they get bored!  :(And yes -- similar to other folks -- we have doubled the amount recommended in the instructions.

Never stopped the dogs, didn't even slow them down.  They still ate the poop, only S.E.P.  was just topping for them!

Didn't like the smell of this and I found that it didn't work.  Don't waste your money on this product.

Did not work with either of my dogs, pretty disappointing I was hoping I had finally found something to stop this.

We added a two-year old corgi to our family in August. She'd been living in multi-dog households (meaning four dogs or more) for her entire life. We just have one other dog, her brother. She immediately began ingesting feces from both her and her brother. I'm not sure if this is a habit from living with many other dogs or was brought on by the stress of being in a new home, but I was determined to stop it.We tried a product from Drs. Foster and Smith called Distaste and it worked quite well, but my male dog wasn't terribly thrilled with it-- it came in chew form and he didn't seem to like them. So I found this SEP and was glad to see it's something mixed into their food. It does not work as well as the Distaste, but seems to discourage her. All winter I have noticed my female picking up frozen specimens and marching around the yard with them... but she doesn't seem to be eating them. I plan to double the dose, as some other reviewers have noted, and we'll see how things go through the spring. We are typically quick about cleaning up after them, particularly now that we can see the ground, but occasionally we miss a pile. I'm hoping that the problems we had this winter with the SEP not working well were maybe because the feces were frozen, and now that things are thawing, maybe the SEP will discourage her more strongly.So bottom line, it seems to be working fairly well, but has not broken the habit completely. My only other comment is the smell of the product itself. It smells like Pixie Stick dust, or something similarly sweet/sour and I find the smell really awful. My husband and two sons don't seem to mind, but I hold my breath until I get it mixed into the dogs' food.

I bought this because my maltitzu loves to eat his own poop to the point he wasn't hungry for his own food. I started using this, and it did make him not want to eat his poop anymore after a couple weeks but then his saliva and tears got very very dark and crusty like charcoal and he had huge black crusted marks under his eyes which were from his tears. He also had saliva that was staining a dark color as well. I think it could work well for some dogs, but it made the staining of tears unbearable as well as my dog seemed to look malnourished using it. He's been off it for 2 months now, and he still occasionally eats poo but his tears no longer stain.

Works really well--not 100% of the time, but most of the time.  I spend much of my time outdoors picking up dog poop from my 2 dogs, so I can tell this is really working.  I liked it so well, I bought a replacement when the first jar ran out.  Would recommend.

This made both of my dogs stop eating poop. Follow instructions for weight and don't stop giving. I stoped and dogs went righ back. Since i kept giving no problems. Will not make dogs sick or more thirsty. Leaves sour taste in stool that turns dogs off. Will take 1 week. Dog will then try to eat and drop it never to go back. they just smell it and walk away. Been giving it to dogs for 2 years.

One of my beagles started eating poop and I have tried other products that did not work.  This one has cut down consumption but has not broken the habit entirely.  I also like that the ingredients do not appear to contain harmful ingredients to doges or less so than other products.  The powder does have a strange smell that I dislike but my beagles seem ok with it.

I have a Golden Retriever that is a very good Yearling; He  obeys very well.  We notice when he sniff's around his own he turns away without hesitation...until left alone, then he goes straight for the Cat's Poop!!!!! It has become so bothersome to me...Please help, if i give this to the cats?,Solid Gold S.E.P. (Stop Eating Poop) 3.5oz will it work?  Distressed with this cycle of the ever so nasty situation...Please help!

I have used this product for over a year.  It really works.  If you have more than 1 dog, you need to give it to all of them

I am not able to definitively say whether or not this product worked. We applied it to the dog's food as prescribed and it did not seem to affect the dog's commitment to eating its own feces. On an unrelated note; we have one gross dog for sale.

My poor dog was so sick from this.  He only had one dose, but that was all it took.  I'll spare the gross details, but after $200 in vet bills, I think he will be okay (he seems good at this point, but it's been only a day since the vet visit).  I would NOT recommend this product.

Got a GSD puppy who loved eating poopy - seriously, she'd pooh just to eat it.  And, I thought that this product would stop her from chowing down, Nope.  I may hate the product (not the company) but, the puppy LOVED this product.  (Neither pumpkin nor pineapple worked either)  Seriously considered Hannibal Lecter mask but, not a good look on a GSD.

I fed it to my german shepard.  My dachshund still eats his poop.  It does not work  It does not work

Did not help at all. wasted my money. tried 2 jars too. I have 2 dogs & it didn't help either dog.

Didn't work...not even a little bit. Dogs still eat poop. Maybe when they start to eat the poop you can just throw the container at them.

Save your money, not worth the price.  This did not work on my dogs and I would not recommend it at all.

One of my pups has a problem with eating her poop, and I thought that getting this product would help.  Unfortunately it didn't work.  Not only does this product smell bad, but it probably tastes bad too -- my dogs didn't want to eat it, and even when they did, it didn't stop the female pup from continuing to eat her poop.  After several weeks of trying to get this to work, I eventually stopped feeding them S.E.P altogether because it was totally ineffective, not to mention extremely unpleasant to smell when adding to their food.

This product did not stop my dogs from this disgusting behavior. I did not even slow them down. do not buy it

This product works very well, it one used this very consistently.  I have four dogs and just one of the dogs has this habit.

Works as advertised for me as long as I remember to put it in the dogs food. I am hoping that after a while I can quit or use only occasionally.

Used the whole jar and my dog still is eating his poop.  It was hard to get the dog to eat its food as they did not like the SEP in there foodIt's worth trying but it may not do the trick

It did help when combined w/ the kelp supplement and  acidophilus. I would like to purchase more, but would like it to be offered in a larger size.

I just start using it so I'm not for sure yet if it's a good product in a week I will let u know

It is taking time to get her to stop eating poop.  This product has certainly slowed the problem.  My dog has no problems eating food with this added, and the poop is clearly less &#34;appetizing&#34;

Wow, after feeding this to our dogs for a few days, we now do not find ANY poop in the yard - they are eating it up faster than we can scoop!  Clearly a yummy product, but we are looking for something that tastes BAD!  Wanted to try because of natural ingredients but will have to try FORBID next.

This product made absolutely no difference. Plus it stinks. Feel like I was totally duped. Avoid this product. Don't be gullible like I was!

We've got two 'Poo Recyclers' and it's a very frustrating situation!  I tried some tablets but that didnt prove too effective.  After using this product I noticed in the first week that the 'consumption' was reduced and the gassy odor coming from them after eating their poo had diminished substantually.  Solid Gold smells like black licorice to me and is pleasant so I wasnt sure how this was going to detour them.  I've used two jars of this so far and will buy more to curb the habit.  I don't expect them to stop 100% but I'm satisfied with the fact that they have cut down considerably. Some dogs may stop altogether but I've got some persistant dogs!

This product did not stop my dog from doing this no matter how much used. Wish I would not have bought two of them....

Ever since i've bought this product, i have been able to stop eating my feces. This product deserves 5 stars!

It didn't work, pure and simple.  I used it for over 2 weeks and it made no difference.  All it did was make her a little picky about her food, although ultimately she finished her food as she usually does.

I've put a lot of time and money into finding either a product or a homemade remedy for "the problem."  This stuff has really cut down on the consumption of deposits.  I do have to treat four dogs to discourage only one of them.  This supplement has not yet broken her entirely, but the frequency has really decreased.  I have much more to pick up from the yard.  We are still in the two-week twice a day treatment (I also feed twice a day so it is easy) so I do not know what will happen if and when I switch to a once a day dose.  It does have a strong, pungent odor but I do not find it offensive.  Clearly better than poop-breath.  Nothing else I have tried works to this degree - I'll buy it until the habit is broken or as long I as need it.  May have to look into purchasing by the case.

I have been using this for a little over 3 weeks now and it seems to be working. My dog gets ready to grab her poop but then backs off so hopefully it will deter her from poop eating.

Took the double dose method to get the dog to cut down, she wouldn't completely quit with the nasty habbit.  If we forget to use it one day, she's ready to go get it.  Husband says it looks like she'll never quit, but at least he doesn't have to clean up the yard as much, and he never allows the dog to kiss him, she just smells like s#!t.

We have 2 Dobermans...1 is 1 1/2 years old, Kaiser..the other is 9 months, Klaus...Klaus (young one), was eating Kaisers poop...never bothered his own..we tried pineapple..it worked for a little bit..but both dogs seemed to get sick from it...I was doing internet search..found out about Solid Gold S.E.P...IT WORKS!!!...Klaus stop eating Kaisers poop...We fed to both dogs...I will mix it with can food on their can day...(every other day) . On days of no can...I would add a little water to their food so it would mix in food better...it's a most have product!!!..No more poopy kisses....lol

Yeah, keep giving me solid gold and I'll quit eating poop. Simple logic. Cash will also do. Actually, any bribery at all is effective.

I tried several other products some prescribed by the vet & some home cures.  But it took SEP to get my 2 dogs to stop.  It did take longer than shown.

