As much fun for me as it was for the cat.

Doesn't make bubbles.  At all.  Plus, it's hard to get the tiny little wand out of the bottle.  Save your money.

I have two active kitties, both love to run top speed around the apartment (daily), chase mylar balls, hunt bugs and jump after things. .. and of course, like catnip.  My boy cat, Boo, is a bit pickier about what he plays with and looses interest after 10 or 20 minutes. My Poxie girl will play with anything and will play as long as you let her.Boo likes watching and chaseing the catnip bubbles but dislike it when they pop (because then he gets squirted with wet/cold liquid .. even if it's tiny droplets). Poxie walks into the shower and isn't as picky about getting her paws wet so she goes crazy for them. So, Poxie will play forever if you let her and Boo gives up after a while, which is normal habit with most toys anyway :)I adopted both of them from the pound (a year and half apart) and both were noted as being more skittish than "normal". Both of them don't like a whole flurry of bubbles drifting down on TOP of them and will startle or run away every once in a while. So, when we play and it's been a while since I brought out the bottle, I start as low or eye level to them as possible (but don't blow directly in their faces) until they get used to the bubbles.I'm giving this four stars simply because the liquid "may cause stains" on carpet. So you might want to do a test swatch if you have really delicate fabrics. If your 'nip loving cat startles easily and doesn't like water (not that bubbles popping really is that bad?) then it's probably not the toy for them. If they like floating feathers or things that kinda "drift" slowly down, then they might like this :D

It's very wet and doesn't like to form bubbles easily.  My cat loves catnip, but she showed no interest whatsoever in the bubbles or the smell of the liquid.  The dog was mildly interested for about 3 minutes, but it now just sits on the shelf.  If I had a cat that liked to chase things through the air on its own, it would probably like this very much, because they are safe bubbles.  I don't think it would inspire your cat to chase them if they aren't already an air hunter.

I got a good bubble one out every 10 blows, cats loed it but not good for bubbles. Everyonein my house tried it and they allhad the same results.

The bubbles just don't come out, most of it leaks all over the floor as you are trying to make the bubbles and all those with cats know that there attention span is very short, so trying to have them wait for bubbles to actually form is nonexistant

The cat was amused, but only due to the smell and his own innate curiosity. The bubble wand is horrific as it does not blow bubbles at all. I'm sure if I had another bubble wand, it would be more entertaining for my cat.

I bought these bubbles for my kitten a few weeks ago. We did get some good play time with them but over time they became harder to physically blow the bubbles. The formula does not have enough of the soapy ingredient (probably glycerin) to hold the bubble shape. It's very laborious to blow the bubbles and my kitten loses interest because I can't get them out of the wand fast enough. The wand included is small and only has a ring on one side. It can be hard to get the wand out of bottle. Although, the catnip scent is strong and very attractive to my kitten. This product works, but could be improved.

I don't know how old my bottle is, but the label doesn't look like the one pictured; more importantly the wand pictured isn't the one I have. Like many bottles of anything, the neck is narrower than the sides-and the wand isn't tall enough to stay at the neckline. I had to reach my finger in and move around trying to get to the wand, pushing out bubble water in the process, wasting it. I finally was able to capture the wand on the side of the bottle and wrench it out. (My 10 year old wasn't able to get it once) I've ended up securing it to the outside of the bottle with a rubber band.Next problem I encountered was blowing the actual bubbles-on average, 7 out of 10 times the bubbles don't form and so you're just spraying bubble solution on your floor. I feel like going to the dollar store and buying wands for kids' bubbles.My one year old cat, who loves most toys I bring home and especially loves the dried catnip I put on her scratching pad and in her toys, runs from the bubbles, (or should I say spray). She doesn't like them at all. Perhaps if the produced 4 or 5 bubbles at a time but as I said, I usually don't get bubbles and when I do it's only 2, rarely 3. As the majority of cats don't like getting sprayed with water, I don't blame her for leaving the room when I'm blowing it off the "wand".My 3 yr old adult doesn't have the slightest interest whatsoever, unless she's getting the droplets on her then she moves. I paid $2.99 for my bottle, should have invested in something different!

I don't even know what I was thinking buying these for my cat, but don't waste your money. Not only could I not get the wand out of the bottle without spilling half of the liquid (very poorly designed packaging) the liquid couldn't form a bubble. After multiple attempts and adding some dish soap, I threw this out.

The wand is too small for the bottle, so you have to stick your fingers in the liquid to fight to get it. Then when you try to blow bubbles it doesn't even really work. I'm lucky to get one bubble out of 10 tries. So disappointing.

A few issues with this product I'm not happy about. 1) The bubble stick thing is too short and sits below the liquid. Its a very soapy product and it is messy getting the stick out. It is also just short enough to get under the arch of the bottle which makes it harder to remove as well. 2) Outside of the super concentrated catnip, we have no idea what this is made of and whether it is safe for animals to lick. It appears to be very soapy. 3) It is made in China so we REALLY have no idea what its made of.The only positive comment I can make is that my cat really enjoys the formula.

Just what the title says.  What more can you say.  I will buy again and again and again.  Bubbles form just fine.

Pretty novel idea.  Seems to be strong but not too strong so its not overkill when youre concerned maybe about a young cat like me.

Though it smelled catnip-y, it would ne appear this formula does not actually create bubbles. Too bad for kitty, I guess.

The bubble wand allows for big bubbles to be blown, and got a lot of bubbles for the money. My cats didn't seem to notice the added catnip oil, and they lost interest fast. I bought these after watching another reviewer's video, expecting them to be the long lasting bubbles, but they are not. If you are looking for plain ol' normal bubbles, these are it.

Our cat Virgil loves bubbles. We merely mention the word and he comes running. We purchased the Kookamunga bubbles as an animal safe option. I've literally attempted to blow bubbles 50 times now and nothing... I've swished and shaken the container and nothing. The wand is tiny and a pain to get out of the container. So disappointing.

I get a bubble about every tenth time. I just have blue splots all over everything.Even traded out wand for one of my own...no improvement.. Cat loves the few I got butnot worth the money if there are no bubbles for him to play with.

FIRST - The blowing wand handle is way too short. I first I could not find it. It was sunk well below surface in bottle. I had to dig out with paperclip. Very messy. Where are you supposed too store wand between uses?SECOND - The wand has badly designed circle. Several of us tried, but almost impossible to blow 'just right' to get any bubbles.THIRD - Our cats love other catnips. But not this one. Cats were slightly interested in scent and watched for a few minutes, but wandered away.This purchase was a bad choice.

I purchased this product a couple of years ago from another site and it was great. When we recently ran out, my cat was sad and would meow for them. I decided to buy more from Amazon. They are so watered down that I get about one bubble every three times I dip it. Returning them would be pointless since shipping charges would eat up the refund!

I have 3 cats, one is lazy, the other is a catnip head and the third is less than a year old and loves EVERYTHING, she is part Siamese and has to be in everything.  I am always on the lookout for fun toys for all my furbabies to keep them active and having fun.  These bubbles didn't break the bank but they were a HUGE disappointment.To start with, the bubbles have a scent a very strong scent, it reminded me of tea.  The bubble solution is green in color, there is nothing on the label to tell me what is all in these bubbles except to say "Super Concentrated with Natural Catnip Extract" aside from that it could just be water in the bottle...in fact I think it is because these darn things don't work!  Directions say to dip want into bottle, stir gently, remove wand and blow.  Ok, I did that about 200 times and managed to make a dozen bubbles that DIDN'T pop in my face.  I sat there trying to blow bubbles for my 3 cats as they watched me waiting to see what would happen.  One walked away out of boredom, a few minutes later so did another.  The only one that waited to see what was going on was the youngest and most curious and even she was yawning from boredom.  Nothing seemed to make these bubbles fun and it certainly was not fun for me either.  Where is the "fun to swat and play" action?  Bubbles shouldn't be this difficult, toddlers can blow bubbles!  These bubbles are BROKEN.  Period.  Something is wrong with the formula or the batch or the wand or just the product as a whole.My other complaint is that what bubbles DO form and fall to the floor leave behind a wet mark.  A wet mark that is GREEN.  We happened to do the bubbles on a rug and the cream colored rug now has green splotches on it.  So beware, if you are going to give these a whirl do it on tile or dark carpeting or lay down a towel.  There is no mention that the bubbles stain or to take precautions around light colors!!!!I would not buy these again or recommend them to anyone.

My cat Basil is a huge catnip addict, he will find the package, and try to open it in the middle of the night if I don't place it out of sight.  I was excited when I saw this int he store thinking he would love it, but quite the contrary, he hated it.  It must not of smell like the real stuff to him.  He was totally turned off.  If you have a cat who is a fiend like mine, is, nothing make up for the real thing!!!

I got a couple bubbles, probably 4, out of about thirty attempts.This is worthless garbage, on top of the bubbles not working, I can't even use the bubble solution because it stains.

A completely useless plastic bottle of green colored soapy water with a ridiculously short plastic wand that is about 5/8 the height of the bottle.  I picked up the bottle and waved it around...kitty got all excited while I wasted five minutes trying to get the wand out of the bottle, and then another fifteen minutes trying to blow even one complete bubble.  It was an exercise in futility and I felt terrible, like I had tantalized poor kitty with the prospect of bubbles and then let her down when I couldn't deliver.  I threw out this jar of bupkis and bought some regular soap bubbles from a local store, and kitty is happy.

Hi, My hayleigh isn't to sure about the bubbles. She kind of watches them but then runs and hides. When they pop she will come out and smell them. I like the concept and hope she will get used to them. Deb

My cat Foutchie is heading toward 5 now and no one told her the trouble with a kitten is it eventually becomes a cat (so take that Ogden Nash!).  She still voom-voom-vooms around at a pace that makes me exhausted.  She loves toys, especially stuff she chases.  So the bubbles are great full.  Especially since they are catnip bubbles.  You don't have the worry about them getting soap on them and making them sick.  She love jumping high to pop them.So if you are looking for something to awaken the kitten in your kitty, you might try these.

I've shaken the bottle, blown very slow to try to get a bubble, and it is too hard to get bubbles. I've just ordered another brand to see if I can find a good product. The actual device for blowing bubbles has a tiny flat handle (not as shown in the picture) and you have to dig down in the bottle to try it fish it out which is messy. I had other brands that worked much better with a double option device to use to blow bubbles. My cats love to run after the bubbles. This was a disappointing purchase.

This stuff is pretty cool.  My cat seems to love it.  My cat is one lazy fool but just blow some catnip bubbles in his face and suddenly he's bouncin' off the walls.  Awesome.

At first the bubbles blew easily, but then I started having trouble.  I could not get any more to be blown.  I added some of our Method dish soap to it.  Now it works well.

I'm disappointed to say that there are very few bubbles, mostly very tiny and they pop as soon as they touch something.  I gave it a thorough test, blowing air at different speeds and angles, shaking the bottle before using and then using it when it hasn't been shaken in a couple of days, etc.  Total letdown.Important to note: both I and another person who gave this a shot felt stinging in our eyes when the bubbles popped close to our faces.  Not good!!!

Imagine my cat's disappointment as he sat there purring in anticipation, waiting for the magical catnip bubbles to float down...when it didn't. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with the product. I bought it from another seller called Deerso previously and it worked fine. It was the same exact brand. I think  toolboxsupply (this particular seller) sent me a defective product.Get the bubbles from another seller. The last time I got it from another seller, I was very happy with my purchase. The bubbles formed nicely and my cat was overjoyed.

Spur of the moment purchase that I assumed would amuse a couple of bags of spoiled fur.  I thought it was great, clever and clearly an amazing toy.  Thing One looked at Thing Two and said "can you believe this guy?" and both of them walked away with their noses and tails in the air.Marketing works on silly humans.  Spoiled cats, not so much.

I thought this might get my cat interested in playing after reading all of the reviews.  She smelled it and just turned her head and lay down!  It was a waste of money.

I was excited to order these bubbles because I had bought them years ago.It seems like they created a whole new formula and new wand.The wand pictured is not the one they give you.The one they give you is closed and difficult to get out of the jar without spilling liquid everywhere.The bubbles do not work.  We were lucky if we got one bubble per blow.  We eventually gave up.A waste of money.

I wanted a safe bubble product for my year old cats. I researched the various "pet" bubbles and decided on this one based on product size, cost, and reviews.  I received in timely manner in a well packaged box with clear plastic covering the entire bottle.  Naturally I smelled the product and did detect a slight spicy scent but a bit of a cleaning product smell as well.  The bubble wand is standard as pictured.  The bubbles produced are sized from 1" to about 3" in diameter.  Just the right size for kitties to play with.  They last a substantial amount of time without bursting and do not leave behind any residue that I have detected.  I use them on an outside wood porch.  Compared to store brand bubbles these are a bit pricey but find these are some of the best bubbles I have ever purchased and worth the price. Also, the ad states the size is 4 oz. but the bottle states it is 5 oz.  I think this one bottle will last throughout the summer and fall season being used for a few minutes each day.  My kitties loved playing with these and sometimes required hitting the bubble a couple of times before they burst.  My one complaint is that this product is distributed by United Pet Group, Inc. in Ohio but the bottle states this product is made in China.  I consider this product worth the cost and would definitely make a repeat purchase but will research for a product made in the USA first.

Cats go crazy  for bubbles. They love to jump to catch the bubbles and pop them no smell to them and they do not stain the floors

Cat loves (regular) bubbles!Bought this stuff.  Now, the cat just waits for the bubbles to pop after they land on the floor, and she licks that up.Can you say 'Lack of motivation...dude.&#34;?  *Sigh*Maybe my cat should watch Cheech & Chong movies... :-\

My kitties love chacing bubbles, and it's great exercise for them. But even though standard bubbles are labeled non-toxic, it bothered me that they were essentially ingesting soap. I really didn't know what it would do to their sensitive stomachs. So I was happy to find these which are created especailly for animals, and therefore safe to be licked up. The catnip is an added bonus...again more motivation for them to move around and play (they're currently on a diet and exercise program...heh). Fun toy!

We have two young cats that behave predictably hilarious in the presence of dry-crushed catnip. Not so much with this product. They were definitely interested in the liquid, but not more than in any other new toy. But really, this only merits a couple stars off. I mean, it's still a bottle of bubbles right? That's gotta be fun all on its own right? Our cats love chasing bubbles, I love blowing bubbles..If you're very careful, you'll successfully blow a short lived bubble about 10% of the time. And even then, most popped an inch or two away from the wand. Rare was the bubble that lived more than a foot from my face.Maybe our product was defective. Not worth trying again in my opinion.

My cat loves these bubbles. All I have to say is "Do you want bubbles?" and she comes running out from wherever she may be hiding. She meows and pounces on the bubbles. I am giving them a rating of 4 though because they smell horrible. If they drip on anything white it will turn green, but can easily be cleaned with some water and a sponge!!!!

Our cat loved the bubbles but the solution is green and leaves a mess on the carpet.  We discarded after 2 uses because we will give her other, less messy toys!

Cats went crazy over the envelope ( it had leaked) the bubbles are fun for the kitty's . It was as they said it would be

1) The wand is too short so your fingers have to go swimming every time you use it, I just don't understand why they could not have made the wand longer.2) IT TAKES SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO ACTUALLY BLOW A BUBBLE, you make large puddle on your floor before you make a bubble.3) My cat was just scared of the bubbles. Takes too long to blow enough bubbles to the point that they are interested in it.-_-  My cat and not impressed. -_-

I bought this thinking that our cat my have some fun with the bubbles. I had a hard time getting the bubble blower out of the bottle. I could barely make it make any bubbles. When I finally got a few small bubbles, the cat wasn't interested. Don't waste your time on this product.

This needed more soap added to actually create and hold a bubble, but once doing so generated a bit of kitty interest.

One cat is annoyed by the bubbles and runs away. But the other kitty loves them and screams (in joy). I had used a different brand before, and when they popped, they seemed to burn her eyes. This despite the bottle saying they were specially designed for cats.But this brand doesn't burn her eyes and she enjoys them a lot.

My cat hated this product. But all cats are different so don't be discouraged! If you have a cat nipped crazed cat, I'm sure they'll love it.

I got these because apparently, they're on a top 5 list of must-have cat toys. So I decided to buy them for my 8-month-old kitten to play with [the bubbles, that is-- not the bottle.] At first, she wasn't too interested in them. In fact, I was playing with these bubbles more than she was, but I finally managed to get her interested in them. Now she likes to swat at any bubble that gets close to her. She even likes to pop the bigger bubbles as I blow them... that goofy little monster... And I'm taking her in to get spayed soon, and I hope that it won't negatively affect her personality. I still want her to be the whacky little goofball she is now.

Even my cats who are sensitive to catnip had no reaction to this product.  I would not purchase it again.

I was SO excited to get this in the mail. I ripped it out of the package and blew some bubbles at my cat. He could not have been more disinterested. Very sad! I have tried again several times, with the same result.

My cat likes these bubbles ok I guess. He kind of just sits and watches them fall...then swats a few times and gets bored. He is 3 months old and has TONNNNS of energy, but these don't really impress him much. They smell horrid....so if you don't like the pungent smell of liquid catnip DO NOT BUY THESE! Great concept though.

First off, look at the rounded part of the top of the container...the want that came in my container is about as tall as the curve.  Every time you wish to retrieve the wand out, it takes 5 minutes because the wand circles around in a wet sudsy solution and you can't grasp it.  Also, after one time of use, it is no longer potent and I cannot blow bubbles with it.  After 10 minutes of trying, I gave up.  Only good thing is it was only a 4 dollar lesson.  Don't buy.

If I had to guess, they just bottled up regular bubbles with just enough extract to call it cat nip bubbles and sell it at a higher price. My cat goes absolutely nuts over cat nip sprays but after she smelled these bubbles she just walked away and could care less. The bottle just smells like chemicals if you ask me. If your cat likes bubbles to begin with, they will probably like any bubbles whether there is supposed to be catnip extract in it or not- you should save yourself a few bucks and just get regular bubbles in that case. Definitely not worth the money.

My cat likes these bubbles but they are such a potent green color that they often dye the carpet and also my cat!

I got a bottle of these bubbles for my brother and his wife, who have two very active indoor kitties. They looked at the bubbles for a few seconds, and soon walked away. They just didn't care. I also picked up a bottle for our cat, Jerry, who is indoor/outdoor, and loves chasing everything that moves. We opened the package near him, and he was very interested when he caught a whiff of the catnip, but he's scared of the bubbles. He even went outside to get away from them. I think he's pissed.

I thougth this was worth a try. A new treat for my 2 kitties. Unfortunately, they each just watched the bubbles fall to the floor and pop. One of them did sniff the spot where the bubbles broke, but that was about it. Nice idea, but no treat for my 2 kitties anyway.

I've messed with this stuff for about ten minutes a few different times and it won't make bubbles. I've tried shaking it, not shaking it, blowing hard, blowing soft.. everything! I've made about 5 or 6 bubbles that pop before the cat can get to them, and I've had about 1,000 bubbles pop in my face as I'm trying to blow them. Ridiculous! Maybe I just got a bad batch or a defective wand. Hopefully others have better luck!

Cats love it! Better than another brand I used to use. Did leak some in packaging. Glad I purchased - thanks!

I have 2 cats, an older female named Discord and a young male named Tiger.  I bought these bubbles in hopes of becoming more interactive with them, however Discord is absolutely terrified of them and will dart away the moment I pull the wand out of the bottle :( (and if you're in the way she'll remind you of Freddy Krueger~)  Tiger will sit and watch them but he too will move out of the way if any come close to him.  I have fun blowing the bubbles but again that's all they are in my opinion...just bubbles.  They don't bounce (except maybe 3 out of half the bottle already), they pop in the air like normal bubbles and I can't say my cats are at all invested in them :/.  One good thing I can say is they're not sticky and gross feeling like normal bubbles.

The cats were interested for sure, but No matter how many times I tried, it wouldn't produce a single bubble!

This stains my carpet green and it's a hit or miss on the bubbles.  Plus, you have to pour it out to get the plastic bubble blower out.

Absolutely horrible- do not waste your money. Bubbles do not form and I spent my money on a really bad product.

My male cat loves these bubbles, but he loves playing with bubbles anyway.  My female just looks and occassionally bats at one of the bubbles.  This formula makes LOTS of bubbles!  And it's thick enough to get three sets of bubbles with one dip.  This is sometimes a disadvantage because it seems to overwhelm my cat!  There is a slight smell, but it doesn't really bother me (I'm very sensitive to chemical smells).  I only gave 4 stars because I am not sure my cat is more attracted to these bubbles because of catnip.  He doesn't act the way he does with the herbal catnip...

I know regular bubbles can be just as fun, but I worry the splash of soap in the eye will hurt them if the bubbles break in their faces.  They will chase the bubbles and be at attention for as long as I am willing to blow them into the air!  It is a fun toy that we can do with them and I recommend them.

I paid a little more for this product because the item description stated that the bottle size was 8 Ounces, and other similar products were 5 Ounces... Sorry I did! The bottle is actually 5 Fl. Ounces. I will not order this product again.

This is the first product I've given 1 star to and I wish I could give it no stars or negative stars.  First, there was no wand inside.  Second, after finding a spare wand from another bubble bottle that i cleaned and dried thoroughly, I was able to produce 3 bubbles after dozens of attempts.  They really should call this the &#34;Kookamunga Krazee Kitty Catnip Dribbler&#34; cause that's all it really does.  Dribble drops of blue fluid everywhere while your cat stares at you like your a complete &#60;expletive deleted&#62; for even buying this thing for them.  Seriously folks, don't waste your money.  Listen to the most recent reviews and forget the top reviewers cute video showing how the product works because that's what sold me.  Oh well, lesson learned.

I actually bought this product for use by staff at a zoo. They've discovered it's not just some of their cats that respond to the bubbles. Their binturong goes absolutely nuts for them, too.And, yes, these bubbles are great fun for house cats, too.

Doesn't work well.

Cat thought the bubbles were interesting, but didn't go crazy over them. They smell funny, leave a residue, and don't maintain form when they touch down as advertised. I'll go pick up a big bottle of regular bubbles for him to chase. Not worth the price.

Well I ordered these and everything was fast and easy but the only thing I didn't care for was the bubbles not making bubbles. No matter how soft you blow on the tab thing no bubbles, more soap or something??

The bubbles arrived quickly and were exactly as described. Only downside is that my cats are terrified of bubbles. My dog, on the other hand, thinks they're amazing. All in all, it's still fun to use these. Just be care as the liquid is green. Some of it dripped on my cat tower and left a green spot.

the bubbles are too weak, they dont blow easily and they pop before hitting the ground. they make a huge mess when they pop on a wood floori know all cats are different, but my cats are completely uninterested in the scent

So this review concerns this product's ability to make bubbles: on opening and introducing these to my cat, many bubbles were easily produced.  On the very next day, bubbles were difficult to produce.I think my cat enjoys these bubbles as much as she enjoyed a bottle of catnip bubbles I bought in the past.  The problem is, right out of the bottle those bubbles weren't easily produced, either.

My two cats were very interested when I opened the package, very interested in the wand, but when I blew the bubbles, they panicked and ran under the furniture. It took a few minutes for them to work up the nerve to come out and investigate, and they are still wary of touching or being touched by the bubbles, but they LOVE to watch. They investigate spots where the bubbles touched the floor, they maneuver around for the best spot to see the bubbles fall, and if I close the bottle and put it away too soon, they try to pull it off the shelf themselves.A previous reviewer brought up doubts about the authenticity of the catnip extract, but I suspect her kitty may be a connoisseur. This may not be the good stuff, but the bubbles are now off-limits in my apartment after 7:00pm because fifteen minutes after bubbletime, my duo start ricocheting off walls.As for how the humans like it, I've experienced no staining of furniture or rugs, but the smell IS pungent and will stick around. Whatever scented candle you use to cover the cat smell should do the trick.

My cat hasn't tried it yet but I tried to make bubbles and there aren't any coming. It's going to be very disappointing when I come home later

I really don't recommend these.  I purchased them quite impulsively after seeing a Reddit post and was excited for them to arrive.  Unfortunately, they don't work - I can't get a bubble to form for the life of me, either outdoors or in.  They smell quite bad, and the wand is much shorter than the bottle and will get wedged under the curve of the cap, requiring either a pair of tweezers or very soaked fingers.  Ugh! Bad, just bad.

My cats, both males, are 61/2 year old so it is hard to say if it is the product or there laziness, but this didn't do anything for them.

My cat will sit and watch the bubbles, maybe even approach a group of them while they are falling, but he won't pop them. Sometimes he even acts scared of them, which I personally think is bologna. For the price, you can find a cooler toy for your kitty.

It doesn't stain carpet or furniture.  Doesn't smell bad.  The cats got a kick out of it - something different then the usual feather toy that I use to play with them.

The stuff we got would simply NOT produce bubbles.  Made in China, and everybody knows the Chinese cheat every way they can to save a few cents.  I figure they economized on key ingredients assuming nobody would notice.  The stuff DOESN'T WORK AT ALL!

i have 3 cats, Bear is afraid of the bubbles, Cheerio goes crazy for them, pawing, chomping at them, jumping and chasing them all over the place, and Sugar foot likes to watch cheerio freak out over them. this was as amusing for me as it was for the cats. other brands of cat nip bubbles seem to have less soap in them and are hard to blow. these were the easiest yet.so 1 out of my 3 cats goes bonkers for these. if you have a cat who likes cat nip, give these a try, and get out the camera.

The label doesn't look like the one pictured, but it does say Kookamunga Catnip Bubbles. I bought it at Walmart, thinking our new kitten would get a kick out of the bubbles at the very least. The problem is...I can barely get it to produce ANY bubbles. Every now and then I'll get one or two, but most of the time, I blow and it pops in my face before it takes off from the wand.

My cats really loved these!  I have some cute pictures and videos of them chasing them!  Adorable!  After they are done playing, they roll all over the carpet!  It's a fun centerpiece when friends come over!

My cats thought this was the dumbest thing ever.  They sat there and watched the bubbles drift to the ground and break.  Then they laid down in the liquid catnip and got what they wanted.  I felt violated.  I wanted to watch them chase bubbles.  Instead they just looked at me like, "Who do you think I am?"  My cats are clearly drug addicts.

I don't know if they've changed the formula or I just got a bad batch, but these are hardly worth being called "bubbles".  I'm lucky to get a single bubble for each dip of the wand no matter how gently I blow. Half those bubbles pop within 2 seconds, before they can even get to my cats/the ground.  My cats seem to enjoy the rare bubble that comes their way and like the smell of the open bottle, so we would probably be having a lot of fun with these if they actually worked. I'm thinking of adding a little glycerin (which I use for homemade bubble solution) to see if that helps, so this wasn't a complete waste of money.

I was very disappointed in this product because my cats love catnip and I thought this would be great entertainment for them but when you blow through the wand it just does not make bubbles I would not buy this product again

but my cats are afraid of the bubbles. One even hissed! oh well... perhaps I can give them to a friend

Got this at Wal-Mart and it was great the first time I played with it. My cats were fascinated. Then the next time I tried making bubbles for them it wouldn't work......so I came here to see if anyone else had the same problem, and several have. Don't waste your money with this, buy some actual catnip instead of the bubbles.

OH man, who knew cat's go crazy for bubbles. My cat will easily play bubbles with me for 10 minutes before getting bored. I've tried normal bubbles and there does seem to be a subtle difference between the catnip ones and regular ones. I wouldn't go so far as to say these are better than regular catnip.

If you blow on the wand 20X, maybe if you're lucky you'll get 4 bubbles. My cat sat there, looking sad, while I repeatedly kept blowing but no bubbles came out. Very disappointing product.

It spill smore than making bubbles. But my cats likes the bubbles, although I'm not sure if it has enough cat nip. I think my cat enjoys regular bubbles more than this kind.

Cool idea...maybe a cat somewhere would love it!  Just none of mine seemed to care!

mostly as expected will continue to buy most of these productswould recommend them to others ok ok thankshow about this u r kidding 17 plus now

I ordered this back in December 2012 but hadn't got around to posting a review simply because the cats never got to try it out, as the BRAND NEW SEALED ITEM was actually MISSING THE WAND.I suppose some people would say to just go and buy another bubbles product and get the wand from there, but I shouldn't have to, since I paid for this one that was supposed to include the wand.So, heads up to anyone else considering this item.

My two cats just watch me blow bubbles, then eventually get annoyed and walk away. BUT the neighbor cat goes C-R-A-Z-Y for the catnip bubbles. I will most likely keep buying them because he entertains both me and my cats.

Don't waste your money.  after 9 attempts to get a bubble to form I got one. it popped before it hit the ground.  My cat sniffed the liquid on the ground and walked away.  My cat is very attracted to cat nip.  This product was a bust.



This was a disappointment.  I ultimately threw it away.  It would not make bubbles!  I had several people try it as well.

My cats love to bat at things in the air so I thought they would go nuts with this.  NOT!  I am not sure how the catnip is suppose to be infused into the bubble juice, but they hardly notice.  I blow bubbles and the cats just stare.  They love all of their catnip toys in the house, but don't seem to care about this.  Huge disappointment.

This stuff used to be great, but not anymore.  I have 9 kitties and only half take interest in the bubbles, which is fine.  Then only half have fun.  They changed the formula and the wand with the new label.  I do not recommend this product.  Hardly get any bubbles to blow out of it.  My cats sit there waiting for bubbles while I continue blowing duds, not any suds.  Hope this review helps!!

