I saw these on sale at a discount store and couldn't pass up the price. I bought them for my 8 month old daughter. She plays with them frequently. I like them because we can play peek-a-boo by putting items underneath them. Because they are built open underneath, she can grab them easy. She likes the activities on each little car. They also pack very easily for taking some toys out of the house because they nest. I know that she is going to really play with these for years. When we take them places, other kids are very attracted to them. One little boy, age 2, played with them for 30 minutes in the church nursery, stacking them and rolling them. Another boy was 5 years old and he was really into stacking them and identifying the numbers on them. My only concern is that the wheels are held on by a plastic pins and I'm hoping that they don't break. However, you can usually count on FP to make toys that last. My husband is happy because he didn't want me to get one more thing that takes batteries and makes noise!

My 2 year old loves this toy.  It is bright and colorful.  It us also hard to break and rolls great.

A toy by 10 month-old never tires of.  Stacking cars are interesting and easy for little hands to manipulate.

I purchased these cars for 7 dollars from a local discount department store before going on vacation.  I wanted some toys that I could pack easily and surprise my daughter with to keep her enteretained on the plane and in the car.  These were great for that purpose.  They fit right inside the diaper bag and defintely held her attention on the trip. She likes the little actions on each (sunroof flips open, wheels spinning, etc) and really enjoyed stacking and nesting them.  Since returning home she still plays with these occasionally and enjoys them, but they aren't one of her favorites.

I have three sons ages 18 months to 4 years and they all play with this toy from time to time. We have had it for over 3 years and nothing has broken and that is saying alot because my kids are very hard on toys. They like alternating between nesting and stacking and using the cars as cars. It doesn't absorb their attention for too long but for the money they have gotten lots of play value out of this toy!

My almost two year old loves these cars.  Bright, durable and each interesting on its own with neat features, numbers, moving parts and wheels that roll!  Stack them, nest them, roll them around the floor!  You can even throw them in the tub the stickers stay on and remain in great condition!  Just a great value for all of it's punch.

My son's therapist brings this toy over and he just loves it.  He loves to move the ladder on the fire truck up and down.  This is one of his favorite toys and he doesn't play with a lot of baby and toddler toys (gets bored easy).

I really like these and so do my kids.  They like to roll them around as well as nesting them.  The only thing that could be improved is for there to be 5 cars.  4 is just kind of a random number to teach a young child to count to.

We purchased these nesting cars when our son was around 4 months old.  Since each car has a function that appeals to a child at different stages (the rattle on the green car and the police car's rolling light are both good for young babies, while the moving parts on the bus and fire truck are interesting for older babies), not to mention the fact that they can be nested, stacked, ordered, and identified by color/number, this is a toy that truly grows with your child!My only complaint is that the eye decals should be a little more durable.  Our set still looks great, but I have to be really careful when washing them.

I was skeptical about buying this toy because I hadn't seen it advertised anywhere except for on Amazon, but I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in the mail.  The cars can be both stacked and nested. They are my boys' first toy cars, and I'm sure they will get a lot of use out of them.

My son started playing with this set of toys when he was around 1, but he's never shown a lot of interest in them.  Now almost two, he can nest the vehicles in one another, but it's difficult  to stack them on top of each other.  You have to be pretty precise.  He likes pushing them around when he does play with them, but that's about it.  They're very durable, as they've lasted through a few mini tantrums.

I bought the nesting vehicles recently because I was sending some Amazon products to my daughter and I wanted to includesomething for my two year old granddaughter. She was thrilled to get her first cars. She plays with them by pushing them on the floor. The fact that they can be stacked and restacked just adds to her fun. They are cute as can be and I plan to buy more for my youngest grandchild. I'm sure he will love them too.Annie J.  Grandmom of 4.

Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.  They also love cars.  So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.  They both love these cars!  All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.) &amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.  They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest.

I'm always looking for cute, durable, inexpensive and fun toys to give as gifts, and to keep around for the grandkids to play with.  These cars are perfect!! Little ones loves toys that roll, and toys that stack - these cars do both!  They're great learning toys.  Since they stack, they can be taken along on trips, and stored without taking up much space. I often give these to newborns as a first toy. They'll be used for years - my 4 year old nephew still plays with his daily.

This toy is terrific.  It stacks, rolls, and the cars fit inside each other neatly.  The three largest cars have a simple moving part on top; the smalles car rattles.  No noises, no batteries.  Just simple activities a young child can do his or herself.  It's marvelously elegant.

My son received this for his first birthday.  Quite frankly, I wasn't very impressed with it, so I sat it aside.  You can probably well imagine my surprise when he picked it up and began playing with it.My son has made great use of this toy.  He has stacked it, nestled it, and pushed it all over the house.  We take the toy to restaurants, to grandmothers house, and on long car rides to keep him amused.The nestling feature is great because it takes up so very little space and leaves more room for additional stuff to take in his car trip, toy bag.  Lastly, it is surprisingly durable and will take a fair amount of abuse.

These cute stacking cars were very popular with all of my nieces and nephews, mostly when they were in about the 9 to 18 months age range.  The large size of the cars makes them perfect for little hands to grasp easily, plus they roll smoothly and stack snuggly.  They are also bright, colorful, and very durable, even after getting thrown around a lot!  Highly recommended and a great first birthday gift.

We bought these cars for my son, Andrew (7mons) for Christmas.  They stack on top of each other quite well.  He loves knocking them over.  Drew watches them intently as we move them around.  They are very sturdy and colorful.  They have endured many bangs and falls.  It was the best "boy toy" we bought him this year.

The trucks were played with more for their ability to drive around than as stackers. Not very impressed.

He especially loves the blue car.  I stack them up for him and he knocks them down and tries to stack them back up.  He looks over each car carefully and then plays with each moving part.  The little blue car goes with us everywhere.

I got this for my one year old.  He wasn't really interested until 18 mos.  He can push, cover and extend the ladder on the durable cars.  He even takes them in the tub.  I think its a pretty neato car set for the $$.

This is a great learning toy.  The cars can be stacked up or nested.  Hours of fun for the little ones. ;)

We bought these for our son when he turned two. He had seen them at a playmate's home and LOVED them. I liked them b/c unlike some of the other cars for sale...there is some learning value and they are VERY durable. They have been thrown, rolled, stepped on, etc and still show no signs of wear. Highly recommend!

The numbers on the cars make them good to learn counting.  They hold up well to rough play and don't take up a lot of space when nested inside of each other.

My son has had these since he was 6 months (he's 21 months now) and has loved playing with them since then - first to bat the little car around, later to nest them, and now to watch them crash into each other or take drives over the furniture.

My son loves stacking cups, so a friend recommended this toy to me.  My son loves it and he enjoys pushing them around the floor.  They nest nicely into each other, which makes it a great toy for the diaper bag.

We bought these cars for our son for Christmas.  He didn't show much interest in them then, but now he is 8 months old and loves them.  He can pick them all up easily and loves to shake and bang them on everything!  They are very easy to nest, but stacking them is a bit harder to do!  My husband and my son love to sit on the floor and play with all the cars! These cars, especially the little green one, are one of my son's (and my husband's) favorite toys!!!1

I bought this for my sixteen month old for Christmas.  I wasn't shopping for it, just wanted to up my purchase to the level where I would get free shipping!  However, it ends up my little man loves these things!  He likes nesting them and playing with them individually.  He takes them apart and tries to carry them all around in his arms.  They are bright and colorful, but also sturdy.  They have been dropped/thrown down on our hardwood floors many times in the last few weeks and are still like new.  Another plus is that no batteries are required!

My son received these as a Christmas gift last year when he was 10 months old and he loves them!  Because they nest, I find them the perfect size to keep in the diaper bag so it adds to their appeal that he only gets them on "outings."  They are as appealing to him now as they were months ago.  My four year-old will also play with them in a pinch!!!  A very versatile toy and worth the price.

As many parents do when raising a son, we offer him a variety of toys that would be appropriate for boys and girls, like dolls, toy trucks, and teddy bears. My son, by some instinct, knew how to make the trucks roll and has taken a strong liking to these toys. He even tries to stack them up, which is hard for little hands. However, he loves to knock them over if Daddy stacks them for him.These nesting toys are great for trips, as they easily fit together and take of the space of one toy. Each toy is a little different and all the toys are fun.It is hard to go wrong with Fisher Price

Best toy we have. Given to my son when he was 6 months, but kids of all ages love playing this when visiting. Great toy and very durable.

I bought these stackers for my son when he was 8 months old, he digs them, I guess.  If he is fussy when playing with his toys, I set the cars in front of him and he settles down.  He likes to push the cars, then pick them up and examine them. The smallest car with the rattle always is a winner with Jaden.  I imagine that we will get alot of use out of this toy.

My son got these cars when he was 7 months old, at 16 months they are still and tried and true favorite.  Because the cars nest inside each other they are very portable, always in our bag for road trips.  When we have friends over, even the 5 year olds play with these cars!  Definitely a big bang for the buck.

I gave this toy to my 15mo old grandson for Christmas.  It is one of his favorites.  He is learning to stack them. And the posssibility of learning colors, counting,are also there. He is still discovering all the things the cars can do.  I highly recomend this toy.

These are such nice cars to teach little ones numbers and the stacking value.  Ours have been scooted across the floor, cat's tail, into walls, you name it and they've always come back for more.  It's just a nice change from the nesting blocks and it's fun to hear all the vehicle sounds that children make with these guys.  I'd buy them again for sure!

This was a great buy!! 4 cute little vehicles that stack and also nest. My son loves to play with them! He enjoys flipping the sun roof open on the bus. He is learning his colors too since each car is a different color. I bought this so he could practice stacking things. We don't have a traditional set of blocks, so I needed something he could stack and thought this would be great because he could also just play cars with it. He loves each one and the smallest one fits inside his fisher price garage with the elevator and ramps. This was a great deal for only $10!!

My daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy I used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.  The bright colourful colours really held her attention.  When she was sitting we played the &quot;Mummy stack them, Baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.  They proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.  At 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.  She is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!  Great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.  Good value!

This is not a toy that would have caught my eye in the store. I picked it up at a tag sale when my son first started showing an interest in cars & trucks. Since the day I brought it home, it has been one of his favorite toys! At first, he would just drive them around. Soon after, he learned to stack & nest. They have provided hours of entertainment! I've given it as a gift several times since then & it's always a hit!

My son Cameron just loves these great little stacking cars!  He enjoys stacking them and slapping them down and each has great little things that they do such as his fire truck has a ladder that clicks up and down, police car has a spinning &quot;light&quot; bar, and so on.  I think it's great, brightly colored and has great little faces....I would give this as a gift in the future, not a wasted toy, Oh the little wheels roll, too!

My one year old son received these as a birthday gift. He loves them. Not only are they stackable, which helps with hand-eye coordination, but each car has individual moveable features. Although these features are small, they got his attention. The bright colors are nice also. They are a great buy for the price!  I highly recommend them as first trucks for a small child.

This was the perfect buy for my little guy.  I can honestly say that he has used these cars since day 1.  He is now 13 months and I bring these everywhere with us.  Even baby girls like to play with them.  They are great stackers, counting tools, peek a boo toy, and even a nice toy to vroooom around the house with as they get older.  They are easy to travel with and wash.

My 8 month old daughter loves these basic cars.  At this point, her favorite activity is to bang them together.  But, I like that you can both stack them and nest them (saves space when storing).

I purchased this toy for my great grandson's first Christmas. He will be 6 months old. I can't wait to play with it with him. This is the first baby in our family for 18 years and all the family is waiting for the fun... I will be ordering a lot more soon. Thank you for the convenient shopping. AJ'S Gee-Gee (Great Grandmom)

I bought these for my daughter when she was 9 months old.  She really likes them.  Her daddy taught her to make car noises when she pushes them, and now she makes the noise when she plays with other car toys.  She likes to knock them down when I stack them, and she likes pulling them apart when they are nested together.  They aren't her favorite toy, but I'm nost disappointed I bought them.

I got this toy for my boys 10mo and 2, and they love them. my oldest likes to stack them for the baby. They also like to line them up and to play hide and seek (nest).  This toy is a lot of fun and cute to boot.  It is such a deal I plan to buy again as presents.  I see them lasting and being played with for a long time.

My 8 month old son loves his cars! The bigger cars are still alittle too big for him but he loves the littlest one that rattles.  I'm sure once he gets bigger he'll love all of them!

I've owned this set for several years.  My 4 granddaughters love to play with the cars.  Stacking, nesting, playing with the few moving parts.  It is one of their favorite toys when they come over.  And it is definitely one of mine - Lots of play value that stores very well.  They have learned colors, and numbers with these also.

I have 2 sons-one is 2, and the other is 8 months. They both love this toy and play with the little vehicles continually.  They even play together!The little fire engine toy has a ladder that you can move, which is my older sons favorite part! My sons don't tend to stack them very often though.I think this is a good value in a toy.

This is a VERY durable toy...the kids love for me to stack it so they can knock it over PLUS these are great first cars for a baby!!

I recently bought this toy set for my 15 month-old grandson, and he just loves playing with it, in so many different ways.  He loves to roll them  around and especially likes snapping the fire truck's ladder up and down.  He thinks it's great when I put them all together, then gradually remove  each car, revealing the slightly smaller one nested inside.  He also loves  it when I stack them on top of one another, then he knocks them down.He is having a wonderful time trying to figure out how to nest them and  stack them himself.  They even hold up well to his favorite thing to do  with most everything--pounding!  I'm sure he'll find many more ways to play  with them before long!  I certainly think they're worth the small amount I  paid for them.

I thought this was a cute idea. Perhaps my baby is too young for this toy at 9 months, but she showed no interest in this toy whatsoever. After 2 weeks of ignoring this toy, I returned it to the store. The car on top never stayed there, it seemed to fall off the top way too easily. These seem cheap and are hollowed out cars that do not roll well at all when compared to the other Fisher Price cars for babies. The paint comes off easily, which seems very dangerous for babies, who put everything into there mouths! I can not recommend this toy.

I thought it was an neat ideal but my grand kids weren't impress with it. I guess you have to be in your 50's to think it was neat.

My 16 month old son loves this toy! He drives the cars around everywhere.

My youngest boy got this toy as a gift when he was 7m old. He and my 3yo have had a lot of play time with it as a stacking toy, and as regular cars to drive around.  My 3yo loves that it has a fire truck and a police car. He also likes the numbers on the side and the different colors that he can identify. My 1 yo loves putting the ladder up and down and all the other movable parts. If you want a toy that you won't have to put away because your child outgrew it in 3 months, this is it!

This toy is fantastic!  The age range just keeps growing with the child.  My son loved these when he was 6 months old and now at 16 months they are still one of his favorites.  We stack them on top of one another as well as nesting them inside each other.  He is also learning his colors since I ask him to bring me the blue one or red...you get the idea.  Every child should have this toy!

I never would have imagined my son would have played with these things as much as he has.  And whenever he gets one out, he digs in his toychest to search for the others!  He likes to put his &quot;little men&quot; (toy soldiers) in them and crash them into each other.I definately recommend this one.

Our son received these vehicles when he was a baby.  He is now 21 months old and still loves them.  They have endured lots of play time and we will keep these for when he gets married and has kids so his kids can play with them too.

My 18 month old son enjoys stacking these cars and "driving" these cars.  He likes to line them up as well as stack them.  When added to his collection of toy vehicles, he tends to go to these first and understands the stacking design.  They are not indistuctable -- but for the price you can't go wrong.

I bought three of these sets, one for my 7 month old and one each for my two grandaughters ages 12 and 18 months.  They all play with them daily.  Level of play ranges from pushing them around to stacking and "hiding" the cars inside each other.  The sets I bought had no sharp edges and have handled very rugged play including trips down the stairs, pounding and one young lady who wanted to try and ride on them!  Great alternative to other stacking toys!

We bought these for my son last Christmas.  He loves to play with them. Because they stack and fit inside each other, they are easy to take anywhere.  We love them.

I bought this for my daughter when she was around a year old. It was definately fun for her to help mommy stack the cars and knock them down. The colors are bright, cheery and a good way to teach colors. My one complaint is that the roof for the bus is hard to open for both of us. All in all it's a good product for it's price. However, it didn't really hold my daughters attention for more than a few weeks (and that's with putting them away for a while). I would think that the cars are good for a baby, but there are better things out there for a toddler. Personally, I found that the Little tikes Nesting Pots were a much better choice.

These are a huge hit with my one year old son.  We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.  He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.  They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.  We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.  The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little hands.

I picked up the Nesting Action Vehicles to take on a trip because they were durable and compact (which they are) for my 13-month-old son.  Not only were they a hit on the trip, but they are now one of his favorite toys!

To be honest, when they first came I thought they weren't as nice as advertised but I quickly changed my opinion. My 7 month old loves these best of all. He loves to knock them over after I endlessly stack them and he enjoys playing with the wheels. It is one of the first toys he heads for in his playroom and I always take them on errands to entertain him. They embellished the description a bit but they didn't need to, it is a good sturdy likable toy and a great value for the price. The siren listed is just a piece of plastic that spins (no sound) and the flip top on the top of the one car is really not exciting or easy for a child to play with, I have trouble getting my fingers in to bother with it. But, as I said it is just a good toy and doesn't need bells and whistles or the overstated description to be a great toy. I would suggest these cars to anyone as a great purchase!

This is a fun toy, just a bit difficult to stack because of the narrow wheels. You can ask which one is biggest, what color is this car, ask about the numbers on the cars, etc... that is why I think it is educational to that respect. My son still has this, and is three years old and will play with it every once in awhile with his matchbox cars stacking them or just rolling them along.

I bought this when my son was about 6 months old and it was one of the best toy purchases I've made.  My son is now 1 and still plays with them.  His babysitters son (who is 13) said he wished he had a toy like this when he was younger!  My nephews age 4 and 5 also love to play with them. My son loves knocking them down but also is learning  colors and what each little car is (taxi, Fire engine, etc...).  And when I am in need of a small gift or something extra for someone ...I buy this inexpensive toy and I always seem to receive rave reviews from the moms!  I even bought them for a few little girls who enjoyed them while playing at my home.  This is definately a fun as well as educational toy.

My son actually bought this at a garage sale. It was the only toy he wanted and he's enjoyed it since the day he brought it home.  His early education teacher LOVED it and said that it's highly used when they work with children.  Great way to teaching small vs. large, numbers, and it uses their agility and hand/eye coordination skills. Not to mention it involves strategy for them to discover how to stack vs. nest the vehicles together. Overall a great toy that has educational and motor skill value.  Highly recommended!

My son (now two) loves this toy.  He got it when he was about 10 mos, and he had a lot of fun with it then as well.  The bright colors grab his attention, and their nesting and stacking properties have taught him about spatial relationships.  I think this is a great toy that has maintained his interest, and I think he will continue to play with it for some time.

I had high expectation of this toy. the kids loved the stacking cups, played with them for hours. They showed no interest in this toy.It has survived a lot of abuse being shoved around the toy room, in and out of the toy box, but I have never seen the boys actually use this item once, until recently. now after all this time, these little guys (the cars) are now located on the prestigeous honored spot of the desk (next to the computer).the colors are great even two years later, no wear and tear, just have no idea why it is not a popular item in the house.Go with the stacking cups next time.

We bought these for my son's 1st Christmas at age 4 months.  They were a huge hit with him for two years (mostly when we would stack them up and he would knock them down).  A great deal for babies and toddlers alike, and nesting makes them easy to travel with as well.

This is a great toy.  The wheels really work and each car has a special feature.  They store easily for packing on trips and putting away.  Both of my kids (boy and girl) have played with them.  They are brightly colored.  And best of all, these do not use batteries!

My 11 month old received these last Christmas and he instantly began running them along the floor and playing with them. He is now 22 months and I have taught him his colors using these and he STILL loves to play with them.  One got run over by an electric scooter and it didn't even break! All parents should get these for your baby.  This is the one toy that will NOT sit and collect dust!

A classic toy every baby should have.  Simple, interesting, and fun.  No electronic junk.  Easy to wash.  I wish I could find more toys this great for this price.  This is a favorite toy for my 4 yr. old to play with the baby with.  They both love them.  You can stack them, you can nest them, roll them, and each has some small something special about them.  I am sad because my dog chewed on one of the wheels, and that car doesn't roll anymore.

these car are fun for the older child I say 1 and over. my son just turned 1 and all he did before this was to play with the smallest car that rattled. now he will try to stack them. as for the numbers we are just starting out learning these so maybe In a few months he will figure out that you can stack In the number order the colors are nice and bright but they don't really move all that well as to playing with them.

Lots of fun and different ways you can use these for teaching - colors - numbers - size. Great toy.

This toy has a variety of fun uses: stacking, nesting, driving, counting.  My baby just turned one, and she's been enjoying it for about a month now.  She mostly nests and un-nests the cars right now, although she also likes to shake the small car (which makes a noise when shaken) and play with the ladder on the fire truck.  I'm sure she'll discover other fun things to do as she grows.

My 14 month old son loves to stack and play with these little cars.  They are durable and easy to clean.  I throw them in  the diswasher and they hold up great.  They are well worth the money to me.

Great toys, we always pack one or two in the diaper bag, our 7 month old loves to play with them and I don't worry at all about him chewing on these toys as there are only smooth surfaces

I bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.  It is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as I set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting. When he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!  He'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof. It will be a stacking toy later too! Great value for money...

My son has played with these from 6 months old, and still likes them occasionally (18 months now).  The small car is nice for babies to shake.  They don't do much, but they are cute.

I like this toy but more importantly, my five month old son likes it.  The toys are sturdy but lightweight so he can pick up the big red fire engine and put it in his mouth.  The stacking and nesting features are fun even at this age as he can knock over the stack or lift the fire engine to find a NEW toy!!!!  He seems to love it and I am very happy I bought it.

I rate these cars up there with the all time classic toys like the ring stacker and blocks.  These simple toys that don't have electronic bells and whistles and gadgets and sounds, but rather allow a child to use his or her OWN imagination to grow and learn and make their OWN sounds.  This is exactly that precious kind of toy.  The stacking feature is both fun and great at cleanup time.  At two years old, my b/g twins still play with these little cars they have had since birth.  Highly recommended.

This was a gift for my son when he was 7 months old.  He didn't enjoy it at first.  At one year, he suddenly became very interested in the cars.  It's so many toys in one:  he enjoys pushing each truck/car individually along the floor (and each vehicle is unique), he can nest the cars inside of each other, and he can stack them on top of each other.  I didn't even realize that they stacked until I saw him do it, then he clapped for himself.  What a great toy to promote physical accomplishments, thinking, spacial relations, and self esteem.  I highly reccomend this toy--and it's a great value.

After being inundated with toys that require batteries and make so much noise this was a breath of fresh air. My son loves these vehicles! We got this when he was 6 months old. We stack them on top and he loves to knock it over. We nest them and he loves to find the surprise vehicle underneath. Now that he is 8 months old he is figuring out that the wheels move as well as some of the other moving features on each vehicle. I highly recommend this toy.

These nesting cars are guaranteed to outlast the Christmas season. They are wonderful value for the money.  Bright and colorful and can be enjoyed by more than one toddler playing together.  Imaginations can be fired up and many hours of pleasure fulfilled.  Fisher-Price toys are hardy and long lasting and will be a favorite in any family.  Super gift for folks to send who don't know what their  nephews and grandsons will enjoy... for 2-3year olds these cannot fail.  Get down on the floor with your little tyke, make some engine sounds again and enjoy yourself !

I bought this for my son's first christmas, he was 7 months at the time. He loves these cars and they won the parents magazine toy of the year award. They are pretty neat to play with.

I bought these for my 1 1/2 year old, and he loves them (and so does his 5-year old brother). They both stack the cars, hide them and "vrroomm" them. It is great to find a toy that doesn't need batteries or require an engineering degree to put together!Highly recommended.

We bought these trucks for our 15 mo. old daughter and 4 mo. old son- We love them!  They are nesting which is fun for our daughter to look underneath the trucks to find the next one or they can stack one on top of the other to make a tower.  Perfect first trucks!  And they aren't too big- a perfect size!

I bought this on a whim, I saw it, liked it, and thought my daughter would too. She's 20 months. I love this toy. She plays and plays. The best part is the fact you can stack em and put them away. It takes up a lot less space that way. I don't know about you but sometimes I think I live inside a toys r us store. I'm all for anything that stacks and stays put. It's a great toy and provdes tons of entertainment, my niece and nephew who are 6 and 4 also love them. And they can all play together, it's like four toys in one.

My son received this toy as a gift when he was 6 months old. He loved it from the start. Each car has a different activity- rattle, spinning , etc. He figured out how to "drive" them along the ground after only a day or two of carrying them around. (I swear no one showed him- how do boys instinctively know what to do with cars??) They encouraged him to crawl more. Numbers, colors, stacking, nesting, driving around- so many things they can be used for.  They are like several toys in one!

What good is a car that doesn't roll?  The wheels don't roll well, so my boy has moved on to cars that actually go...

My son will be a year soon, he got this toy for Christmas and though he can't stack them yet he can take them &quot;off&quot; and plays with all four of them constantly -- he was a premie and therefore the littlest #1 car is his favorite because it's easy to pick up for him but he loves the bright colors and the fire engine red too thanks fisher-price your toys last forever!!

My son got this stacking truck set as a baby gift.  He was able to play with the trucks at about 6 months and they are still played with today (my son will be 2 next month). The overall durability of this toy is great; they look as good as when we got them even after lots of play and being taken along on many trips. I have not seen this toy in any store - so get it here while you still can!  It has been a much used toy and I highly recommend it for your small child.

THIS TOY IS WONDERFUL.  MY 1 YR OLD SON PLAYS WITH THEM A LOT. WE CAN LEARN COLORS, SIZES, AND NUMBERS ALL AT ONCE.  HE LOVES TO STACK THE CARS INSIDE EACH OTHER.

I was going to purchase this toy for my 6 month old, but after reading that the paint could be chewed off I waited and called the company to get their comment.  Bottom line, they said the paint shouldn't come off, but that if it did they said all their paints are non-toxic.  Not thrilled with their answer, but probably if they used a stronger paint it would be toxic, who knows?  They also said that if the paint comes off to call them and they would be happy to try to make the customer happy (replacement, etc.).  Their number is 800-432-5437.  I think I'm going to try out the toy, personally.  (My review stars are 3 because although I don't have this toy yet, I do plan to buy it.  There was no option to have zero stars and one star seemed unfair.)

Got this for my son when he was about 13 months.  He loved them and he still does (now 18 months old).  He was quite amazed that the cars can be stacked and also nested.  He learned to push them around and pretend that they have engines.  We are also trying to teach him colors using the cars (red, green, blue and yellow).

I bought the cars because they were easy to store, plus they were cars.  What I have found is that I can actually use then in many places since there is more than one vehicle.  Mostly they are easy to pack for a trip.

My son got these vehicles when he was 8 months old and still plays with them today-22 months old.  They are durable and easy to take care of.  The cars can be stacked, nested or played with separatly, offering many options and months of play.

My son LOVES these cars!  He got them when he was around 6 months old, and still plays with them (he's almost 2).  They were easy for him to grab and roll when he was smaller, and now he can easily stack and nest them.  They are vivid, sturdy, and easy to clean (which is a must for me!!).  I also love them because they don't "do" anything.  There are no lights and noises.  My 3 month old daughter has also started showing interest in them.  I actually have 2 sets of these...one for home and one for Ga-ga's!!

Our daughter was born 2 months premature. Due to her prematurity she has some sensory issues. She was just learning how to stack with her teacher when we got this for christmas.This toy makes stacking fun and easy. There are grooves so the cars stay on top of another. With her blocks, she would just get frustrated because they would fall right away. The cars are sturdy and stay put! Also...another game I play with my daughter uses the nesting feature. I line up all the cars next to one another from big to small. Then I drive each bigger car up to the smaller size and make a noise like the bigger car is eating the smaller (we can do this for hours believe me). My daughter knows the small cars go into the big ones and she even plays her own version of the nesting game by turning all the cars over and finding the car the fits. The other great thing about this toy is the wheels really work! My daughter loves pushing cars and was delighted to see that she can use the smallest car on another toy that has a track.We really love this toy and highly recommend it. You really get MORE than what you are buying it for.Tina K.Lanoka Harbor, NJ

I bought these cars for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now nine months old and she loves this toy.  She loves the wheels, and she especially loves that they can be stacked and that they are a nesting toy.  She likes to take them apart and put them back inside eachother.  My friends children have had so much fun with this toy that I keep extra on hand for gifts.  It is also an inexpensive gift if you like to keep gifts in the house for that unexpected guest or Birthday party.  Well worth the price.

My son got these cars when he was about 10 months old.  He is now 20 months old and still loves to play with them just as much as when he first  got them!  They teach so many things!  At first he just liked to push them  around.  Then he soon realized that they could &quot;hide&quot; in one  another.  A couple of months ago he found out that they could stack on top  of one another.  When he was about a year old, I started to show him that  the cars have numbers on them, so now when I say &quot;Bring mommie the  number 2 police car&quot;, he runs over and gets it!  About a month ago he  started working on holding more than one car in each hand, which is  possible if he gets his little fingers in the holes in the top of the cars!  He also loves to face them all the same way, end to end according to size!  All in all he still plays with them for hours on end!

My daughter loves these vehicles. She likes to watch them disappear as you stack them inside each other. And she loves to stack them atop of each other. Then she plays with them as cars, and even makes the sounds they make. They are wonderful fun toys, and great to take with you on trips, they are compact!

The cars stack but tenuously enough that the slightest bump knocks them over.  Worse still, the wheels do not spin well so that the cars do not go nearly as fast as a hot wheels or even one of the &quot;little people&quot; cars.

My son loves this stacking toy. It is much more fun than the stackable rings toy even though he does have that one too. All the boys at our baby group have it and the babies who don't always come up to see what it is all about! You can't go wrong with this purchase.

The Nesting Action Vehicles were purchased as a gift, but it happens that one of the vehicles was missing, which wasn't reported to us until recently.  Up to this time, have always found Fisher-Price to be right on the mark for quality, price and reliability.

I love this toy, cars are very dirable, stack and nest nicely, great space-saver in the toy box.  Unfortunately my daughter is rather unimpressed with them and never plays with them.  She shakes the small rattle car occasionally and sometimes plays with the flip over roof, etc.  but never nests, stacks or rolls them.  To be fair to the toy, she doesn't like to roll any of her cars, and is generally not a toy lover.Overall, I think this toy is great, but if your kiddo isn't into playing with cars or nesting cups, they may not be into these.

I got this toy for my daughter when she was very little.  She really hasn't been interested until recently.  Now she loves to put little people inside the cars and look at them through the top.  She lets objects play hide-and-seek under the cars but she really doesn't stack them or nest them very much.  I think they are worth the money because they were fairly cheap but she hasn't really used them for the intended purpose.  I don't think I would buy them again but I certainly wouldn't take them back if they were given to me. I think my daughter will use them in different ways with other toys, in the tub or pool or even outside as she grows.  They are extremely durable.

I bought these vehicles for my son who was then ten months old.  One month later, he plays with them every day and carries them all over the house.  His favorite thing to do is roll them on the end table and bang them against things.  However, he is too young to understand the stacking concept.

I bought this toy for my son at Christmas time when he was just seven months old and he loves it.  The cars and trucks can be stacked on top of each other or inside one another.  His favorite one of the four is the fire truck.  It makes a &quot;clicking&quot; sound when you raise and lower the ladder.  Great fun for the baby, easy to store in the toy chest or travel bag.

My son got these when he was 6 months old and has loved them since.  He'll play with these everyday and for a while at a time.  There aren't many toys out there that can hold his interest for more than a few minutes, but these can.

If we could have only 10 toys in the house, I and my kids would definitely include this one. We've owned this toy for 3 years and the cars still look great. My three-year-old has mastered the stacking, nesting, numbers and colors, but he still loves playing with these cars. My one-year-old loves to knock the stacked cars over and manipulate the sturdy moving parts (rolling siren, flipping sunroof and raising ladder). In addition to this toy being educational and fun, I love it because it doesn't make any noise, it doesn't take up much space and it is appealing to infants, toddlers and pre-schoolers.

Super fun toy for all ages. The children find different ways to play with this toy at each age, minimal moving parts but the parts that do move are really neat. 4 stars definelty

My daughter was just learning to play by herself, we bought her these cars simply because of the bright colors.  Much to our surprise, within 2 weeks, she would not leave home without them, and crawls around to push them!

Neither of my boys, ages 3 and 1, take any interest in this toy at all. I bring it out and show them the different things it can do and they still don't find it interesting. It could be an educational toy if you can get your kids interested in playing with it. I tought my boys would be because they love cars. As far as being durable it hasn't broken yet, but that could also be because it has not been played with.

Okay, well they don't really beep.  (But my 11-month old son loves when we roll these along and SAY &quot;beep beep!&quot;)  At this point, my son's favorite aspect of these cars is the little sunroof, siren and ladder on the tops.  He can sit there for ten minutes just flipping the sunroof back and forth!  Go figure!  These cars are super sturdy and have taken quite a beating on our coffee table.  (They're in much better shape than the coffee table at this point.)  I love that they nest together so they don't take up too much space when they're put away.  I also like that he can grow into them once he understands the nesting/stacking part better.  A great toy...gets played with each and every day!

This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item.

Aside from the simple fact that they're cars (which my son loves), they're cars that an infant can play with, worry free. He hides them within each other. He stacks them and knocks them down. He pulls the ladder up and down (click,click,click) which drives me crazy, but entertains him. These cars keep him occupied for up to 30 minutes! And that's a great deal for a toddler! I would suggest these compact easy to carry/pack, entertaining and safe cars for any kid!

I bought this for my son when he was a year old - this was the time he was putting stuff together and I though that he would love this - not so - he played with it for about 2 days and rarely played with it after that.  Now that he has just turned 2 - he's starting to play with them again by &quot;vrooming&quot; them around the house and crashing them together.  Very durable - they have been stepped on a number of times (they hurt) and not even a crack!

I bought these for my son when he was 6 months old he loved to shake the police and would sit with all of them, exploring one by one.  Now he is almost two and loves to roll them around and is discovering them once again one by one.  I bought this toy because a four year old in his doctor office was carrying them with him.  It seems this toy will be around for a long time.

I was looking for something different than your typical stacking cups for my sons birthday.  His aunt got him these.  What a hit! My son can't quite stack them himself, but he knows how to nest them and sure does love knocking them down when I stack them.  They also have the function of just being play cars, which is nice.  I am amazed at how long my son will play with these!

For well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars. They have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new. Fun to stack, fun to roll. Clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was one.

We just bought this for my 9 month old daughter,she loves these cars, loves to turn the wheels and lookat the faces. She especially loves the little green car,it's the perfect size to fit in her tiny hand and it rattles.This toy is a hit! I highly recommend it.

This is one of my son's favorite toys.  He loves to knock them over when I've stacked them.  He is now learning to stack and nest them himself.  The cars are also great just to push around and play cars.  They don't look very durable, but they are - nothing has broken or come off yet.

I got these for my son when he was approx. 4 months old.  He's 26 months old now, and still plays with them.  I've since bought 4 more sets for friends with young children.  Since the cars nest, they're great for traveling.  This toy has more than paid for itself!!

I bought these cars for my 10 month old son and he loved them. It gives him hours of continous fun and gives me time get things done while he is occupied with this toy. The Nesting Action Vehicle teaches motor skills, color, and size. This is one of the best investments I have made in a toy.

I purchased these cars for my 8-month old great-nephew.  When they arrived, I was very pleased at the quality of the product.The colors were bright and eye-catching. It is a nice change from the stackable rings that have been around for so long.  All of the &quot;kids&quot; in the family have grown up with Fisher-Price products.  These &quot;cars&quot; will probably still be around for the next baby.  As a retired teacher, I know the importance of developing motor skills and eye-hand coordination. I love buying items that will help develop these skills.

My son got this for Christmas and he loves all the cars.  His favorite is the fire truck.  He plays with it for a while.

I bought these for my sons for their first Christmas. They loved them then and still pull them out of the toy box now and then at age 3. They were never too interested in the nesting or stacking feature (they prefer their nesting/stacking cups for that), but love to drive them around. These have gone up in price since we bought them 3 years ago though, which is a bit of a disappointment!

This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item.

Really cute cars that store in one another.  The only issue is that the baby wants to put them in his mouth and they are too bulky and hard so he gets frustrated with them.  Great colors and really cute from an adult standpoint.

Cute and durable, these are fun little cars, whether your child is interested in or capable of stacking them or not.  It's hard to find toy cars that are safe for babies and toddlers, and these definitely fit the bill.  My son takes one of these everywhere he goes, sometimes even to bed.I knock off a star, though, for the stickers that come right off with chewing and washing.  When will toy manufacturers learn to leave off the stickers when the toy is intended for the very young???

MY 8 MONTH OLD BOY THINKS THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST TOYS I COULD HAVE BOUGHT HIM! HE PLAYS WITH IT ALOT, MOSTLY HE LIKES TO PUSH THEM AROUND MY TILE FLOOR AT ABOUT 90 MILE AN HOUR WITH ONE HAND AND CRAWLING WITH THE OTHER! HE DOESN'T STACK THEM OR USE THE NESTING ACTION YET, BUT THEY WERE WELL WORTH THE MONEY JUST TO SEE HIS SMILES AND LAUGHTER! THEY ARE ALSO VERY STURDY EVEN IF THEY DON'T LOOK IT! A GREAT BUY FOR ANY BABY THAT LIKES TO PUSH OBJECTS ALONG THE FLOOR.

