I LOVE IT, IT CAME EARLY, THE MUSIC FOR THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC, and the cartridge wasn't broken or anything. Very Nice Condition. I love that it came in like 2 days. This game is frigging awesome if you're into games like Donkey Kong 64 and Mario 64. 5/5 will play it again.

This is most likely one of the best N64 Games Ever made, Its way better then Super mario 64 in everyway (and possibly Zelda too), its rich, colorful and very addicting, The soundtracks are also one of my favorite things about the game- it has a happy and also very awesome tune to them making them addictive (you just cant stop listening to it!), and the world designs (10 total I believe) are all very Beautiful and Gorgeous, I've beaten the game to 100% and I still go back to the worlds and gaze in thier amazement, its just really cool, this game is a MUST HAVE for any Nintendo 64 player, Im serious if you dont have this, your missing out BIG time.PS. check out its Sequel Banjo-Tooie after you've bought this!

From my experience of owning and playing this game a countless number of times, I have to say it's fun game for a while to play but it does not compare to any other games that have Mario, Luigi, and Yoshi in them.

I've had this game since way back when it was released; I just never got the chance to write a review.The Story: Banjo's sister, Tooty, was "the most beautiful girl around" and Grunty the witch wanted her beauty, so she pulled an Amber Alert and took her to her lair. Banjo's lazy bum the whole time was sleeping. It's up to you to get jiggy's and notes and what-not to stop Grunty and get Banjo's sister back.Graphics: 9.5/10. Awesomely different and creative worlds. From a sewer, to a pirate ship on an island, to a desert and into an icy snowland, there are tons of different and unique worlds to play through. The graphics are stellar for the N64, with bright colors and cool characters with good animations. This is one of the best N64 games as far as graphics go next to games like Donkey Kong 64 and Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask.Sound: 9/10. There aren't really any voices in this game; just kind of sound effects that are different for each character. Blubber on Treasure Grove Cove sounds like he's burping or throwing up, Kazooie sounds like a gagging bird, Banjo sounds like a big old hick of a bear... and so on. The music in this game, though, is some of the catchiest and the best music i've heard in really any adventure game. The music doesn't really get old, and whoever created it is brilliant. Overall, the sound is really, really good.Control: 8.5/10. Being an adventure game, there are a lot of different controls for a lot of different moves. And since the N64 controller is the way it is ( pretty annoying ) it's easy to get confused even after playing for hours on end, just because you go brain dead. The controls are a bit strange at first to do some of the attacks, but you will get used to them anyways.Fun: 9/10. A great game from beginning to end. Get the jiggys, move on. Get the notes, move on. That simple? No. This game is challenging and is for all ages, even if it does have a kiddy approach. The game lasts maybe 40 hours or so depending on how fast you get through the game. Great characters, great level design, and fantastic music makes this a must buy. This is one of the best games on the N64, and I.M.O., the best adventure game. Pick this game up now; it is better than its sequel and the Game Boy Advanced ones, even if all three are fantastic. Buy this game!!9.3/10

This has to be my favourite N64 game. It's easy to learn how to play but then it quickly gets harder. It seems like a game for young kids first but then it's really hard. The gameplay is great and you can play it many times and not get tired of it. And the graphics are simply wonderful! I recommend this game to anyone who liked Super Mario 64. But Banjo is'nt just a Mario clone. It's bigger, more complicated and more difficult.

Its a great game and is fun for all ages! I've enjoyed it so much and can't wait to share!

I enjoy playing the game, but it contains a lot of crass, stupid jokes, such as shooting eggs out of one's back-end with a fart noise, and constant rhyming taunts from the witch.  Also the music gets really old, really quickly.

I grew up with Nintendo and was a pre-teen when the first Nintendo system came out. N64 was first purchased for my son when he was four years old. It took him a while to understand all the moves and the console pretty much sat on the shelf. However, this past year, he got into playing Banjo-Kazooie and really had a blast. At the same time, my three-year-old daughter caught on to it. There are also times where I would sit and play the game as well. The graphics are really cool and I especially love the dialogue shared with Boggles the mole. The moves were actually easy enough for my daughter to learn and even she's taught me a thing or two. So far, we have only reached the Treasure's Cove, but we are looking forward to the other worlds.

banjo kazooie is a timeless classic every human being should play. its that cool. so the story is that you are a bear named banjo. he has a bird in his backpack named kazooie lol now I get it banjo kazooie are the name of the two characters and of the game very clever rare I tip my hat to you. so one day his hot little sister tooty (yeah, the name is a turn off, but she is pretty smokin.) gets kidnapped by a witch named gruntilda. call her grunty. she is less hot, so she wants to take tootys attractive features and put them on her. so banjo goes to save her. the characters are all animals (except mumbo, but SSHHHHHH ITS A SECRET.) so you go through different worlds witch you access through a castle, an obvious rip off of super Mario 64. lol just kidding, but seriously, PLAY THE FREAKING GAME ITS AMAZING!!!!!!!!

It works great and it was not that hard to get it came on time and I did not have to wait

Rare just has an extraordinary knack at making great games. Banjo Kazooie was released in 1998 and has been considered a classic since, and I too must agree with this well deserved honor. Well, why do I find this game fantastic? Well, I'll explain that in my review.First off let's talk about Banjo Kazooie's story. Banjo's sister Tooty is kidnapped by the wicked witch Gruntilda. Gruntilda has planned on swapping Tooty's beauty to her, but not if Banjo and his friend Kazooie can help it! Okay, seriously this story is pretty lame, but hey! It's a game. In My opinion, no matter how good the graphics are, or how great the story is, it all boils down to one thing. And that's gameplay. And Banjo Kazooie has fantastic gameplay.In Banjo Kazooie you play as Banjo and...well...Kazooie, and Kazooie stays inside Banjo's backpack at all times, but she's not useless. They both work as a team and learn many moves, which brings us to our next character, Bottles. Bottles the mole helps you learn different moves to help you defeat Gruntilda and rescue Tooty. But do you just walk up to Gruntilda and save Tooty? Not at all, there are several items to collect to defeat Gruntilda. The most important one is jiggies, there are ten jiggies in each world and you need several items to collect them. Along the way Bottles teaches you to use certain items, such as eggs to shoot through Kazooie's mouth, or how to fly when you collect enough feathers. Another essential item to collect is mumbo tokens. Gruntilda has hidden mumbo tokens all around her enormous lair and if you collect enough you can visit the great shaman Mumbo Jumbo and he will transform you into different creatures to help you along your journey. So you have plenty to do in this game, I can guarantee that. Another essential item are music notes, in each world one hundred music notes are scattered all around and if you collect enough you can open new doors in Gruntilda's massive lair. But I do find it to become quite tedious sometimes. Why? You may ask. Because each time you leave and re-enter a world all the notes are still there, no matter how many you've collected. Let's say you've collected ninety-nine out of the hundred possible music notes to collect, well if you leave the world and re-enter, you would have to collect all ninety nine notes again, you couldn't go searching for the one music note you hadn't collected. And while yet this situation is highly unlikely, it's still annoying no matter how many notes you have to re-collect. Fortunately, if you don't care about collecting all one hundred music notes, you don't have to because the game automatically saves the amount you've collected.There aren't too many moves to learn in Banjo Kazooie, and it didn't take me long to master them. And there aren't many control problems, actually the controls are almost perfect. But I did get frustrated with a feature that was not added in the game, I wish Banjo could hang on to ledges, there was many times in Clanker's Cavern where I could almost reach a ledge,  but it was just barely out of reach because I couldn't hang on to the ledge. While yet this wasn't too big of a deal, I think that feature could of made the game a little less frustrating. I was also very pleased with camera control, there are three angles to choose from except in a few rare areas and I found it easy to maneuver.I told you this game was made in 1998, right? Well the graphics are terrific. The different atmospheres to this game make it twice more enjoyable. You can relax in broad daylight in Treasure Trove Cove, or wonder at dark in Mad Monster Mansion. And I thought the last world Click Clock Wood was absolutely brilliant, it's a forest and you collect jiggies in the four season's spring, summer, fall and winter. I especially loved Freezeezy Peak, and it was so much fun climbing the huge snowman.I also loved the music in this game, each beat is catchy and it never got repetitive for me, and the sound effects were great as well...well the only complaint I could have is that there is no dialogue in the game, but I actually found the weird sounds from the characters kind of funny and I loved the insults between Kazooie and Bottles and Gruntilda's rhymes cracked me up, that's another reason I love this game, it has such a charm to it, not like some newer games, to many games have steered away from being innocent and charming, and this game has this quality.What more can I say? This game is fun to play, it has great replay value, the music, sounds and the worlds all sound and look absolutely fantastic and the difficult final fight with Gruntilda at the end was indeed terrific as well. It took me thirty hours to complete (without a guide) and I had so much fun solving puzzles and this game can test your mind at certain times. I will admit I did need help online for a few jiggies, but the ending sequence makes the occasional frustrations all worthwhile, very satisfying if you ask me. I'm now very anxious to play Banjo Tooie, as it's been claimed to be even better than the original. Banjo Kazooie is highly recommended, this game is indeed a classic.

The game is just awesome. Although the game can be quite challenging, the game is still fun to play! The music, sound effects, and the graphics are just awesome. I think Grant Kirkhope did a good job on the music. Anyways, here's the plot:The story starts off in Spiral Mountain, where lives a heroic brown honey bear named Banjo, a red, and loud-mouthed bird called Kazooie, Banjo's bird partner, and an evil witch called Gruntilda (Grunty). Gruntilda kidnaps Banjo's sister, Tooty who is then taken up to Grunty's lair, where Gruntilda then wants Tooty's beauty, where Grunty will "make herself young and Tooty old" (She is taken into a machine, where Gruntilda's servant Klungo function the machine). Eventually, Banjo & Kazooie rescue her from the evil clutches of Gruntilda. As Banjo And Kazooie defeat Gruntilda during the final fight, Gruntilda is buried underground until the sequel (Banjo-Tooie).Anyways, here's the areas:Spiral Mountain - This is where you start your adventure, where you meet Bottles the short-sighted mole. He will teach you basic moves if anyone is playing the game for the first time.Gruntilda's Lair - This is where you advance to stages/worlds throughout the game. This also includes the final boss fight in the game. You find your first jiggy as you first enter her lair. You also learn how to open note doors.Here's the stages/worlds:Mumbo's Mountain - A mountain-themed place where you first find notes, jinjos, and other stuff. You will learn 3 moves that consist of these: Beak buster, Egg shooting, and talon trot (Use this to go up steep slopes). You will also meet Mumbo Jumbo, the shaman who will transform you into certain creatures if you have enough Mumbo tokens. Mumbo's transformation is the termite.Treasure Trove Cove - A island-themed place where you learn how to fly and to use the shock jump. The place is also home of the sandcastle floor, which is a code room where you can enter codes (Do NOT enter any cheat codes, or your game file data is lost for good, you will have to redo the game all over again.). Spell BANJOKAZOOIE to get the jiggy.Clanker's Cavern - This includes rusty pipes, dirty water, and you'll find some underwater challenges and razor-sharp obstacles eventually inside Clanker. Complete the hoop mini game to get a jiggy. This is also home of Clanker who is a trash compacting fish who is stuck underwater and eventually his teeth hurt (shoot his gold teeth to get a jiggy).Bubblegloop Swamp - This a dark and dangerous place where all the piranhas occupy the water. You will also learn how to use the wading boots, use those to go through dangerous areas you cannot survive in. You can find 2 mini games in this stage. Win both of them for jiggies. Mumbo's transformation is the crocodile that can walk through piranha water.Freezeezy Peak - This is the most coldest place you can be in, the water is dangerously cold so avoid going in there. You also meet Boggy the polar bear who has swallowed a jiggy and lost their children's presents. If you can retrieve all 3 of their presents, they will give you a jiggy (do that last before you leave this stage). If you can find Boggy's sled, Boggy will be ready to do a couple of races. Win both of them to get a couple of jiggies as the prizes. Mumbo's transformation is the walrus. You'll learn a new move - The Beak Bomb, an airborne move.Gobi's Valley - This is an ancient-themed place where you'll find sand where only the sand eels survive. The desert is over a 100 degrees, and there's only one place to find water. The place is the home of Gobi the camel where you must free him from the boulder, then get Gobi to give water to Trunker, and finally get Gobi to give you an empty honeycomb piece. There's some mummified enemies there. You'll learn one more move here, you'll learn the turbo talon tron where you can access to other areas where you don't have time to enter.Mad Monster Mansion - This is the spookiest place where it's really a "nightmare". The dead is risen. Where you'll find ghosts, skeletons, bats, and lot more! You'll find a graveyard with a haunted church. Enter the BANJOKAZOOIE code again for a jiggy. You'll find monsters from portraits and you'll find Loggo the toilet where you'll find a jiggy inside when you're flushed down. Mumbo's transformation is the pumpkin that can fit through narrow areas, and can even walk through dangerous areas.Rusty Bucket Bay - The most challenging level in the game, where you encounter the legendary ship: The HMS Gruntilda, known as "The Rusty Bucket"! Everything there has oily water, and dangerous areas! If you're careful, you'll go down with da ship! You're also about to find some tolls, feed them with eggs to explore areas easier to avoid oily water.Click Clock Wood - This is a 4-1 place where each 4 areas consist of 4 seasons (Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter). If you really think you can make it through this place, the stage is still challenging of all. You'll meet a plentiful amount of characters here including familiar ones that return that eventually move on to the sequel.Here's some stuff you can find:Jiggies - 10 in each area, stage/world, 100 in the entire game. Collect 10 in each stage and you will progress through the game. You cannot make it through the game without them because you need them to unlock stages. To unlock stages, just stand on the jigsaw-shaped podium and press the A button to fill in one space. The Z button fills in all the spaces simultaneously.Notes - 100 in each stage, 900 in the entire game. Try collecting all 100 notes before leaving the stage to unlock note doors.Jinjos - There is 5 on each stage. Rescuing all of them equals a jiggy.Eggs - You can use those as ammoRed feathers - These are needed for Kazooie to fly.Gold feathers - These are needed for invulnerability. The move is called "Wonderwing".Witch Switch - Perform a beak buster there and either an obstacle to access to a jiggy will be enabled or just a jiggy will appear somewhere in Grunty's Lair.Molehills - You'll find Bottles there, and he will teach you special moves in the game.Warp Cauldrons - Those appear in Grunty's lair, activate the same cauldron color to create a network of warping shortcuts (Now you won't have a lot of running around in the lair so you can avoid monopolizing your time playing).Brentilda - She appears in various parts of the lair. She gives you secrets about Gruntilda. Write down everything she says so you can be able to answer questions near the end of the game.Cheato - A spellbook who can give you 3 codes to enter in the sandcastle in Treasure Trove Cove. The codes you get are "BLUEEGGS", "REDFEATHERS", and "GOLDFEATHERS".Mumbo Tokens - Collect a plentiful amount of tokens for Mumbo transformations.Empty Honeycomb pieces - There are 6 in spiral mountain, and 2 in each of the 9 stages. 24 in the entire game. Collect 6 for an extra piece of energy.Honey Energy - Collect those to boost your energy. Defeat enemies for get those.Extra lives - Are you running low on lives? Collect these to maintain your gameplay!Here's the rest:Grunty's Furnace Fun - This is a quiz show where you must answer questions correctly. Joker cards allow you to skip a square, so please conserve them or they'll be gone before you know it. Be careful with death questions or you lose one life. Win the quiz and you've rescued Tooty.Final Boss - This is a 5 step procedure. Rat a tap her first, then shoot 3 eggs at her per side, then beak bomb at her a few times, then shoot eggs to have the Jinjos hit her, and finally, activate the Jinjonator shoot eggs multiple times (be careful, Grunty can shoot fireballs at you, dodge just before you're hit).Secret -Bottles Bonus - 7 challenges. Go into Spiral Mountain, enter Banjo's house, go into the right spot at the portrait of Bottles, and you're off to play a mini game. Becoming harder, the picture moves. To make matters worse, you may need to rotate pieces. So at the start, every piece will totally scramble and become hard to master due to the picture moving. You receive codes to enter in the sandcastle in Treasure Trove Cove.Stop N Swop - Enter the codes in the sandcastle in Treasure Trove Cove. You'll have 6 eggs, and an ice key. If you collect your first Stop N Swop item, the "Stop N Swop" menu will appear in the "View Totals" screen (check that screen if you collected everything before leaving).Overall, I absolutely do recommend this game for any Rare fans or have ever played any adventure games. It's just the best N64 adventure game ever. In fact, it's the best adventure game I played in my life. :D

Banjo-Kazooie is a strange platformer, but ultimately misses the mark in all key areas of being entertaining.  It tries to be funny without actually being exciting to play.  All the attention on humor and yet, the game itself is hardly ever fun.  This means children would probaly be able to overlook the games flaws and focus on the humor, which I'm sure was Nintendo's intentions- to market the game for kids and assume they wouldn't be able to detect the lousy game design.  I guess the Nintendo 64 struggling to make a profit at the time meant Nintendo had to do absolutely anything to try and get *any* type of crowd interested in their products despite the poor quality we're forced to persevere, so that explains Banjo Kazooie's existence.Anyway, Banjo-Kazooie is basically nothing but an item-collecting quest with graphics that are admittedly prettier and just better than 90% of the stuff the N64 was pumping out at the time.  The waters, grassy lands, mountains... everything is a beautiful sight to behold with crystal clear authentically pleasing environments.  But seriously, why am I basically doing nothing but walking around collecting items the entire time?  If you think "That's what ALL platformers do!" guess again: many of them focus on exciting enemy variety, diverse surroundings and a gradual increase in challenge which this game sorely lacks.  The only challenge is to avoid falling from high narrow platforms while collecting musical notes- these are dirty tricks and artificial challenges.  I found sharks you have to swim away from, crabs you can stomp on top of, and weird gigantic green enemies that come out of walls while you're trying to make your way across high paths without falling.  These enemies only appear like 10% of the time- the rest of your surroundings aren't very threatening.Let's see all the things you have to collect.  Honeycomb pieces, jiggy pieces (mandatory to open entrances to new locations and you need to obtain a certain number of them per world), 100 musical notes which is a total ripoff of Super Mario 64 with the 100 coins needed to get a star, mumbo tokens used to cast spells, and jinjo tokens used to win vehicle parts.  You can turn into animals and insects which is somewhat satisfying for the sake of seeing the occasional brief moments of diversity, but otherwise nothing to get really excited about.  Often you have to climb trees to reach the items on top and it gets boring after a while, believe me.Oh and the game is a victim of underwater tragedies- you're constantly adjusting the camera for a more appropriate angle but finding that it's much harder than it needs to be.  I will never understand why Nintendo refuses to fix water portions in 3D platform gaming.  It's mind-boggling.  They didn't even fix them in Super Mario Galaxy 2, a game released a good 10 years after Banjo-Kazooie.  The characters are all forgettable, including the ponytail-sporting female bear and Banjo himself.  Kazooie the bird is probably the only tolerable one of the bunch.Whereas the Mario series can be enjoyed by kids and adults respectively, Banjo-Kazooie is certainly intended solely for children and no other age group.  It's too shallow of a game overall to satisfy adult gamers.  Banjo-Kazooie is like walking into the nicest looking restaurant in town and everything is great except for one thing- you get a small quantity of food so you ask yourself "Is it worth my time to return here again?"

If you own a N64 and are looking for a game to play, go to your local game store and find Banjo-Kazooie! In my opinion, this game is simply amazing. The main plot throughout the game is that Banjo the bear and his faithful breegull sidekick Kazooie are attempting to rescue Banjo's little sister Tootie from the evil witch Gruntilda. Enjoy the game as you explore 10 exciting worlds, collect numerous puzzle pieces(open worlds), and rescue your sister from the evil clutches of Gruntilda.

Great game!

If Mario 64 was good than Banjo was Mario perfected.Amazing game.Another gem from years ago that I played start to finish multiple times.Amazing levels.Perfect control.Great but hokey music.Some people were annoyed by the "voices".I thought they were hilarious.The camera does get a little crazy here and there but this was 3D platforming in it's beginning and really, the camera is about as perfect as a 3D platforming camera can be.To summarize...Great gameplay.Awesome graphics for the time.An ending riddle that had me looking for a way in for weeks on end.(A real bummer that the two games DIDN'T link after all).That's probably the biggest disappointment that all those mystery areas were never revealed by the N64.Otherwise....another great platformer from the golden age of platforming, collect a thons.Highly recommended.

Developer Rare is a master at infusing originality into their imitations. This isn't a knock against them. William Shakespeare pulled stories and plots from other writers and crafted masterpieces. Rare is gamedom's Shakespeare, in that regard. Banjo-Kazooie is obviously influenced by Super Mario 64, although it's always unfortunate for a game to be compared to that masterpiece. While Banjo-Kazooie lacks Super Mario 64's magic and ingenuity, it has its own magic that sets it apart from Nintendo's behemoth.The Good:+ A fun story+ An imaginative use of its characters+ Creative worlds to exploreThe Bad:-- Too easy and short-- The few parts that are too hardThe Ugly? Why is Kazooie so insulting?Story--9/10The first thing that stands out is the dialogue, especially of the evil witch, Gruntilda, or Grunty, who speaks in clever rhymes. It's refreshing all the more that what she says is often funny. The game begins with her asking her mirror, "Who is the most beautiful of them all?" Of course, it couldn't be Gruntilda. There's nothing even remotely pretty about a fat, green hag. The most beautiful of them all is Banjo's younger sister, Tooty (who looks similar to Tiny Kong of Donkey Kong fame). So Grunty sets off to kidnap Tooty and succeeds, leaving only the mole, Bottles, as a witness. Bottles must survive a downpour of Kazooie's insults and witticisms to explain the kidnapping to Banjo and Kazooie. The question becomes, can Banjo and Kazooie save Tooty before Grunty robs her of her beauty and transfers it to herself?Gameplay--8/10Here is the game's bane and boon. Everything else sets it up wonderfully. The soundtrack is great, the visuals are very nice, and the opening story sequence is funny. The game controls smoothly and you have plenty of moves to learn and use throughout. The levels are varied, with plenty of collectibles and other goodies to discover. But these levels are so small, so short, so easy. I never spent an hour and a half on any one level, and most of them took less than an hour to complete. In that time, I could collect ten jigsaw puzzle pieces, one hundred musical notes, and numerous other items such as the Mumbo Jumbo skulls, extra lives, and Jinjos. Compared to Super Mario 64, I can't help but say, is that all?There are a total of nine worlds, as well as a main hub world, which is too labyrinthine for its purpose. Rare goes a little overboard as to the amount of collectibles they expect gamers to gather. Unless you use cheats, it takes 94 out of the 100 Jigsaw pieces total to unlock every single world, including the final fight with Grunty. That's not too difficult, as I'd say about 97 of those Jigsaw pieces are a piece of cake. More than 880 of the 900 music notes are needed in order to give you somewhat of a chance against the unfairly difficult fight with Grunty (you just can't count on Rare to make a strictly children's game: see Diddy Kong Racing).These are mostly criticisms, but they comprise a small percent of the game. You will spend most of it enjoyably. Despite the very easy difficulty, it isn't boring. There's plenty to explore in the levels, and as they go on, they become larger and more complex, especially the sprawling final level. Rare flexes all of its creative muscles in that level, revolving around the four seasons, and even includes a few semi-stories with some new characters. Not that the other levels are clunkers, but if only they could provide the same sort of entertainment, the rest of the game would have been that much more enjoyable.Longevity--5/10A game should only be as long as it needs to be, but I think Banjo-Kazooie needed to be a little longer. Considering what Nintendo did years earlier in Super Mario 64, it's no excuse that Rare couldn't match that level of magnitude. But it's unfair to compare any game to Super Mario 64. Most gamers will complete this, all 100 Jigsaw pieces, almost all 900 music notes, in less than twelve hours. After finishing it, there's no reason to go back. The cheats only give you infinite resources, but what's the point when you've already finished the game? The only way a game like this can extend its life is for the single player adventure to be a little longer.

Banjo Kazooie is one of the best games i have ever played. This is the sort of game that steals your weekends and other free time. This is one of the best rated games evere and is exiting to play and watch.You never know what is next mabey another encounter with an enemy or mabey a jiggy. The first time i played this game i got angry with my mother for making me quite it is so suspensful i felt that i was going to explode. Banjo Tooie is also another great game. plz e-mail me. buzzy_d20@hotmail.com

This is a great game, definitely one of the best games I've ever played. Works great, never had any problems with just sometimes I need to blow on the cartridge. :)

This game is great for those of you who are puzzle solvers.The Banjo and Kazooie team kick major butt and help kids learn how to solve puzzles...

This is an all-around fun game with some obstacles but getting through the game is not that difficult.  The characters in the game make funny noises and my favorite character is the bird, Kazooie.  The bird does a whole lot of work more than the bear.  The story line of the game is really cool and it's a lot of fun getting through the different levels.

I was looking very forward to playing Banjo-Kazooie only to find my cartridge completely unable to work. I didn't have time to play it when I first got it and now that I do, trying to start it up proved useful (my rating of the game only pertains to memories of playing it as a child). Don't buy from this seller apex_media. Now Amazon says it's too late to return and get my money back so I guess I have nothing to do but spread the word about this guy selling broken items.

This game was pretty fun. Very good collectables type game for its time. The music was never too bad and the trivia game was pretty fun too.

The evil witch Gruntilda has stolen Banjo's younger sister, Tooty, in hopes to steal her beauty. Banjo, and Kazooie, the bird that's lodged in his pack, will have to rescue her. You start off in Spiral Mountain, in which the mole, Bottles, will teach you some basic moves. Then you move on to Gruntilda's gigantic lair, in which you will be searching all over for world entrances, into Munbo's Mountain, and Treasure Trove Cove, Clanker's ( a large shark-shaped trash compacter) Cavern, Bubblegloop Swamp, Frezeezy Peak, Gobi's Valley, Mad Monster Mansion, Rusy Bucket Bay, Click-Clock Wood, then Grunty's game show, in which you answer Banjo trivia, and finnally the final battle. Yes, its a lot, and it will take you quite a long time. But it is SOOO fun!In each world, you will find:10 jigsaw pieces, or jiggies, which are either lying around or a reward for doing, or defeating something. You use jiggies to open the door to each world (note: sometimes puzzles are faar away from the actual world)100 musical notes. These are used to get through musical doors, to advance farther in your quest. These are much easier to get than jiggies.5 Jinjos. A mix between a dino and teddy bear. if you find all five in a world, you get a jiggy.1 Witch switch. Hammer this switch with Grunty's face on it and a Jiggy will appear somewhere in the lair.Bottles. In every world up to Gobi's valley, he has a molehill, and if called on, will teach you a new move.Mumbo: He's only in some worlds, in a big shaman's skull, bring him Mumbo tokens and he will change you into a different creature, essential for findind some jiggies and notes.Cheeto: He hides in the dark corners of the liar. He doubles your capacity for; blue eggs (ammo), red feathers (flying), and gold feathers (invincebility).Cauldrons: these also hide in the nooks and crannies of the lair. They provide shortcuts within the lair.I suggest buying a strategy guide, it's very hard trying to find where the jiggies and notes are.I am amazed by Rare's building of the worlds and lair. This game will be so much fun. You'll find yourself addicted.

I'd played this game a little when it first came out, but I never got around to buying and beating it. Then a friend of mine recently gave me their old N64, and I got my chance. Playing this game took me back to a happy time in my life, when the world was simpler and video games weren't as dark and morbid. I highly recommend it to fans of the classics.

When i rented this i returned it after about a half hour. It's the worst game i've ever played besides the sequel or donkey kong 64(which is basically Banjo-Kazooie with a different liscense). To like this game, I'd say you have to have the brain capacity of a dead cow! I appologize to all dead cow enthusiasts for that comment, let me correct myself. You'd have to have the brain capacity of a dead snail to enjoy it. Once again I apologize for the dead snails who wouldn't even like this game.

well at first it seemed like a kiddie game, but i rented it anyways. well  i was amazed by how much fun the game is. lots of puzzles lots of monsters  and lots of laughs! this game besides bein a real good puzzle game its one  of the most funniest. i mean a bear and a bird? watsup with dat? dont  matter the game is good for all ages, if u like puzzle games with lots of  laughs get it.

Even though it's a run around and collect things kind of game it's still really fun in the way it's built, it has nice controls in my opinion and i'd recommend it someone

Any fan of the Mario world style of playing will love this game. Same gaming plot: go through different levels, save the girl and defect bad guy. Only the girl is the main character's little sister and the bad guy is an ugly witch. I really enjoyed this game and was happy with my purchase.

This is one game that will test your skills, on how to figure things out, but if you want to take the easy way out you can always get bottles the neer sighted mole's help. One thing i like about this game is that when Bottle & Kazooie confront each other they always throw smack at each other which makes the storyline more funnier. This is a pretty cool game, it's worth buying. I had fun playing it, i will buy it.If you liked this game check out all of the other Banjo & Kazooie games.

I'm not going to fill this review with stories or complaints. Here's the basics.Pros- Great, fun adventure game- Original, good controls, lots of moves to learn- Tons of different enemies, some bosses, and lots of challenges- Easy enough for anyone to play- Funny and interesting, yet family friendly- Lots to explore, many different worlds, and a massive land connectingthem-Dialogue is well thought out-Many characters to meet-Collectible searching makes for replayabilityCons-Maybe too easy-No storyline, a simple save the girl story, no plot advancement-Can be childish and stupid (Everything is alive and talking)-The sound of characters talking is a looped annoying sound-Although childish, there are random difficulty spikes-Timing on attacks seems off, enemies can score multiple hits against you-Too many different things to collect at onceI love this game, and I strongly recommend it to anyone in the mood for a strong adventure game, with few true flaws. Anyone can find this game appealing, and it's great to wind down and just have fun with.

This game along with Mario 64 and Donkey Kong 64 basically use the same basic style with different characters. They are are a blast even now, though it takes playing it now to realize how clumsy the camera system on these games was. I don't know how I managed to get all the notes while playing on the N64, I find it next to impossible now to have the patience to navigate some of the last levels with the slowness and precision needed to prevent falling off a cliff and having to spend 5 minutes getting back up, or worse, dying, in which case you lose all your notes in the level and have to collect them from scratch.  Thus I  quicksave often.I guess I no longer am as good as I once was at these games.  Still, this is one of my N64 favorites from my high school years basically.

I bought Banjo-Kazooie when I was nine years old, in the summer of 1998. I am 21 years old now and it is still one of my favorite games. New games just don't stand a chance to the old ones, in my view. BK has a little something for everyone. The graphics are so beautiful they will blow you away. The game play is challenging. I was disappointed to see that some reviewers said this game was just for children. In fact, I don't think a young child, say, under 8, could find everything in the game. It is fun enough for younger players, but challenging enough for adults. The story of the game involves a bear named Banjo, who finds out is sister Tooty was kidnapped by the evil witch Gruntilda. Banjo takes his bird friend Kazooie and they set off to go find Tooty. On the way they climb a mountain infested with termites (Mumbo's Mountain), explore a beautiful, briny beach (Treasure Trove Cove), swim through a dark, underground cave (Clanker's Cavern), wade through a treacherous swamp (Bubble Gloop Swamp), brave a freezing cold Arctic world (Freezeezy Peak), discover the ancient pyramids (Gobi's Valley), run away from ghosts in a comical haunted house (Mad Monster Mansion), visit a polluted, dingy shipyard (Rusty Bucket Bay), and see all four seasons in one gorgeous, but dangerous, forest (Click Clock Woods), and the adventures don't end there! There is also a quiz game show that you must solve to get Tooty, and then you must face the witch herself. This game has surprises around every corner and is never boring. The majority of new games do not compare to BK in the slightest. It has withstood the test of time to me. Banjo-Kazooie is still one of the best, and I hope it will be rediscovered by players young and old for many years to come.

Whether you've owned a N64 or not, chances are you've heard of the name 'Banjo-Kazooie' at least once while going through videos, looking through gaming sites or just looking up lists of games from systems you knew of but didn't have etc. If you have seen the name mentioned anywhere, then you may have also read reviews of the game, which, in majority, were very, very, very good. And there's a good reason for it, too.You start the game with a scene of a little girl (who is a bear) talking to a mole (his name is Bottles and becomes your guide once the gameplay itself starts). During the scene, you also see a large structure, along with a bridge and mountain (Spiral Mountain). The structure is the face of a witch, the main enemy of the game whose name is Gruntilda (or Grunty, for short). She flies on her broomstick and swoops down and catches Tooty (girl bear; Banjo's sister). As you may guess, this sets up the plot for the game. As Banjo and Kazooie, you must save Tooty. Seem like a boring game to you just by its plot? Well, guess again.The game's graphics are absolutely amazing. Whether it's a cutscene or not, the graphics are just great. The sound is also very well done, too. The main theme song for the game is extremely memorable and will probably get stuck in your head. This isn't the only one that will do so, most likely, though.The characters are also very fun and lovable. They're great to look at (their designs are very good) and even though they never talk, they make one sound, but it's repeated to represent their conversations, obviously. Even with this in mind, the voices are pretty lovable as well. It's not like one sound repeated at the same note, you can easily tell that the sounds may be a bit deeper and higher at times, so it keeps it less boring.The gameplay is awesome. It responds flawlessly, but you'll quickly find out that once you try diving underwater and try swimming around, that it's very hard. Despite all of this games perfections, the underwater swimming controls are horrid. In a world called 'Clanker's Cavern', you must jump and swim through about 10 (maybe less) rings under a set time limit. Think it sounds easy? Guess again, you could get hit by these tentacle-like things, which could/will flip you completely around and just from that, you've probably wasted too much time to get through the rest of the rings. Also, when flying, you'll get a move in Freezeezy Peak (another world), which lets you do a charge or attack that soars you across the air and hitting something in direct contact. There are giant snowmen in this world with hats that are your target. If you try to aim at the hats, you'll most likely soar straight over the snowman completely. This takes practice and lots of it. I haven't even succeeded in this move, but I may be able to pull it off soon.Oh, and you don't have to follow the worlds in any certain order, which is really cool. Except the first world, you must go there to begin everything. You also collect jigsaw pieces (commonly referred to as ''Jiggies'') and musical notes that are a necessity to beat the game. But you aren't required to collect every single one of them. You just need enough to get through the game. There are 10 jiggies and 100 musical notes in each world (in case you wondered). Getting to choose where you want to go first is pretty cool. You don't feel, I guess you could say, ''restrained'' because you must go to one certain world before another every time. You could get two jiggies and sixty-three notes in one world, then 10 jiggies and 5 musical notes in another. It's very cool to go at your own pace instead of having to do something before another or having to collect every single thing, which I know can be a pain.All in all, the game is very fun, gameplay is, for the most part, flawless, the characters are well-designed, lovable and memorable, along with the music and the challenge is nice. Highly recommended and very deserving of its praise.Pros:-Great graphics, characters, music, challenge and gameplay.-Being able to go through the game at your own pace is very nice.Cons:-The underwater swimming controls are horrible and annoying-The flying 'spear' move is very hard to master. Takes a LOT of practice.(Review written entirely from my opinion and view/experience of the game)

This game is absolutely amazing. It was a game I played as a kid. (Not that i'm much older now) but it was my favorite game. I'm going to get this again so i can play it outside of school and church. This game, if you take losing well, is a good game. It can be frustrating at times, but it is very addictive and fun. I will post a post-review afterwards to let you know the condition of the game and if it was worth buying the cartage or not. Have fun, and good luck!

I think this game is insane but my 12 yr old LOVES it!  .....gotta admit, it's pretty entertaining! Can't wait to see his next pick!

One of the best games on the N64, it combines action, adventure, puzzle and other elements as you go through awsome based levels to beat it.

This is the best game!There is no equal. The combination of hard to beat and funny makes an obbsesion. It is so much fun.My friends said it was stupid.When i  made them play,they loved it!I recomend this to anybody. My favorite level is Click Clock Wood.It's the best. My friend Brian likes it too.We both want to get Banjo-tooie. the second one.The music is cool too. Being able to control the camera makes it cool even more. it is the best roll playing game I'v seen. It's a classic!!

Goldeneye 007, Killer Instint, The Donkey Kong Country series, Conker, Diddy Kong Racing....those were the good ol' days when Rare was still relevant.  Before they sold their souls to Microsoft and lost all credibility.  And in my opinion, the peak of Rare was with the Banjo games (kazooie & tooie) on Nintendo 64.  Kazooie, to me, defines the N64 3-D platformer.  While many will say Mario 64, which is a near perfect game.  I think the Nostalgia sometimes forgets how much BETTER Banjo Kazooie was.  Back in '98 rare was on a roll.  This game was yet another grandslam.  A brand new franchise, cut from scratch.  And it's absolutely amazing.  I won't go into all the details and story as my fellow reviewers have already made clear.  All I can add is this game is easily one of the best games of the late 90's.  It was a game I picked up and loved immediately.  My only question is WHAT the **** happened to rare?!!  They were so amazing with Nintendo, then dropped bomb after bomb for the X-Box consoles.  I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, so don't even go there.  But Rare took a big dookie all over this series with the newer games on Microsoft consoles.  The 1998 game will always be the best.  And I hope someday the brothers who originally ran Rare will comeback to bring the infamous "Banjo Threeie" to life on any console!!

I will recommend this game because it is my favourite platformer of all  time. It has everything necessary to be a wonderful game. Some lovable  characters, tough puzzles, and a fantastic bad guy.Banjo is not so  difficult as to be unenjoyable but it's a pretty hard slog to the finish.  The Credits appear long before the game is over and the Witch at the  conclusion seems to last forever.I can't complain about anything in  this game. There is a training programme at the start which continues into  the game and makes sure you know how everything works. The rhyming is very  funny and every inch of the game is explorable. Nothing then to complain  about the game, unfortunately though it was marketed as a furry teddy bear  game and it's much more than this. It's tougher than Goldeneye for crying  out loud.

In this game you can be turned into animals by a witch doctor, hunt for treasure, soar through a giant sized forest, and even save your captured sister while doing so. Grunty, a wicked witch with a knack for rhyming, has taken your sister to stael her beauty and make it her own. You must find puzzle pieces and recreate paintings , which in turn allows you to enter the beautifully rendered worlds packed with fun and imagination. This game is a must have for any video game enthusiast, and can be enjoyed for hours on end.

Banjo Kazooie is not for everyone. Before purchasing this game you should first ask yourself how much you like platformers. This game is hard. The graphics give it a kiddie appeal, but after you conquer level 1, and/or 2,the game starts getting pretty hard. Harder then most platformers. If you like SuperMario64, then there's a good chance you'll will like this game.This game is like a offspring of Mario.There is some cool stuff in the game, like being able to fly by collecting feathers in connection with using a jump pad thingy. This is a good game if you like to spend a lot of time wandering around through worlds and collecting objects to progress, in Mario fashion.This isn't a Zelda type game. You don't grow as a character, and you don't recieve much items that offer change to your character, Banjo. I just bought this game, and I keep going back little by little for about two hours a day to play it and progress through the levels. The game still offers a lot of gameplay, but is a little bit of a "card-board cut-out" type of play. You don't really get envolved with any real substance (wether it be story or adventure) to really ultimately care about it. Banjo Kazooie is good, but I wouldn't give it a A+ if I was to rate. I would give it a average B, which says alot compared to most games. Gamespot rates this game as "Superb" 9.5, and I just don't see it. But then again, Gamespot has down-rated a lot of really good games that offer "superb" gameplay. Winback, being one that comes to mind. BanjoKazooie is a Good game, it will distract your mind and keep you entertained on those rainy days, but it isn't excellent.

This game is a classic adventure game, reminiscent of Mario 64 and others. Game play is great with fantastic, colorful, goofy graphics and characters. Just difficult enough to be a fun challenge, but not so hard you break your controller on the wall.

Positive:+ gameplay is very deep with new elements added all the time+ worlds are very diverse and have a lot of content+ music tracks are great and change in style when you're in different spots+ sharp controls that work well for the most partNegative:- you have to start your note count every time you re-enter a world- camera doesn't always give you the best view you needSuper Mario 64 revolutionized the 3-D platformer; and the amount of people who would deny that are probably fewer than the words in this sentence. But when a revolution comes, what's the point of it being so revolutionary unless something comes of it later on? In video games, a game is a revolution indeed when other games take the basic model and take it to a whole new level, and possibly delivering a game that's even better than the root. Whether it really is a beneficiary of the beloved Mario 64 or Rare is just really, really good at making games, that is where we find Banjo-Kazooie.Games of the platforming genre aren't exactly known for their amazing stories, and Banjo fares no different. Banjo's little sister Tooty is kidnapped by the stereotypical green witch Gruntilda. She has some sort of weird machine that will supposedly transfer Tooty's beauty to herself, and this will leave Banjo's poor sister ugly in the process! So Banjo and his grumpy bird friend Kazooie (who for some reason lives in Banjo's backpack) set out to Gruntilda's lair to save Tooty. The story doesn't take itself very seriously at all but there's a great, humorous tone to it that more than makes up for the lack of depth.The game doesn't move from place to place at all; the whole thing takes place in Gruntilda's huge lair, key word being 'huge.' This one location is just so big but perfectly balanced with the ease of traversing that it makes the perfect setting for a platforming game. There is a whole lot of variety within the mountain lair, with a sewer, swamp, graveyard, and many other spots. The areas of different theme will almost always take you to one of the game's nine worlds, which are all big, diverse, and have a lot of stuff to find. You'll find yourself at a mountain to begin the game, then moving on to a beach, and later a snow area and haunted mansion-like world, and so on. The game never really runs out of new material to throw at you, which is really nice, even if most of the themes are found in many other games of the genre, too.Another way Banjo always keeps itself fresh is with the moves you can learn. In most of the levels you can find a mole named Bottles who will teach you a new move if you can find him. These moves are sometimes confined to certain spots or items you can put on, and they all work together perfectly to make the game progress logically. You have to unlock some of these abilities, such as flight and invincibility, to get deeper into Gruntilda's lair, and also to accomplish more in the worlds. The game controls very well too, even with all the added moves, and it doesn't get too complicated. One issue though is with the camera, which you can control the angle of but you still sometimes can't get the viewpoint that's just right for a room or area.But the core of the game stays the same, no matter how many moves you learn or different worlds you visit. The main objects to collect are jiggies, which are basically pieces of jigsaw puzzles that, when put together, open the door to a new world. Ten of these can be found in each level along with 100 notes, which open up doors to new areas of the lair. Unfortunately the game's note total is merely a combined high score of how many notes you collect in each level; each time you re-enter a world the note count restarts. This is pretty annoying sometimes, and it would have been nice to just keep all the notes so you don't have to recollect all of them again to advance your total note count. Thankfully the jiggies are extremely well-balanced as far as how hard they are to get; in the first world most of them are sitting on the ground like Easter eggs, but as you progress through the game you have to work much harder to earn your way to more worlds.Graphically Banjo kept up to date well enough. The visuals are just a tad choppy, but they still look good enough, and that sort of thing happened all the time in the N64 era. Sometimes objects that are a little ways away won't appear on screen until you get closer, which thankfully doesn't prove to be too annoying but still would be good if fixed. Despite these few flaws, though, the graphics look great considering the times.One of Banjo's shining areas aside from gameplay is the sound. The characters speak in a gibberish sort of language (with text shown on the bottom of the screen) and this might annoy some but it's still good to add personality to each character. The sound effects are all good too, no complaints there. The really cool part of the sound, though, is the music. The tracks are cool enough as they are, but when you're standing on a different spot or in a different area, like if you're under water or at the entrance to a different world, the music style and sound totally changes while keeping the same song. Then as you exit the spot the music transitions back to the normal style, and this effect may sound small without actually hearing it but trust me when I say it's really, really cool.Mario 64 may have been the revolution, but some of the games that derived bits and pieces from it were possibly even better, in my opinion. Banjo-Kazooie is one such game, adding a lot of depth and value to an already proven formula. It may not be the game everyone looked to for inspiration in the game-making world, but Banjo-Kazooie is a real gem from Rare's glory days on the N64, and it makes me want to play the sequel even if it is ten years old.Gameplay: 9.5Graphics: 8.5Sound: 9.5Camera & Control: 8.5Value: 9.5FINAL SCORE: 9.2/10

4 Simple words to describe one of the most fun and addictive  games ever created for the nintendo 64 system...Banjo Kazooie has an entertaining story line which helps to create excitement in every level of the game, You start off on spiral mountain where the sleepy bear naps through his little sisters kidnapping, When he awakes Kazooie is on the floor and knows what has happened, You meet up with bottles the mole and he offers assistance which is one of the most nicley done tutorials I have ever been through. also, its easy to understand. ^.^This game offers to you what Mario 64 did not.... Extreme fun and days, weeks, months of gameplay with better characters, levels and places to go. As my brother went and sold our banjo kazooie 2 years ago I have gotten that Banjo addiction back somehow and I have searched 5 stores, none have had it . >.&lt;  I turned to the ToysRus website to see if its even sold still and yes it is but its out of stock, it asked if I would write a review and I thought, why not...I canot think of much to write for this game other than if you havent played it go buy it, It is worth the money.  &lt;P...

Banjo Kazooie is a game I've played many times since I got it in the early 2000s and while its fun, its not the most entertaining game I've played. There's two main objectives in Banjo Kazooie: hunting and gathering. You hunt for these jigsaw pieces called Jiggys to help you complete jigsaw puzzles to open worlds. You gather all sorts of items within each level like musical notes, Jinjos, Mumbo tokens, feathers, etc. This concept gets boring after awhile but nevertheless the game is pretty fun as a whole. I'd recommend the sequel, Banjo Tooie, instead as its 10 times more entertaining.

My fiancee requested this game - I had never played it. I can see now why it was all the rage when we were kids!

All in all, this is the best platform game that I have played in a long time. Of course, it follows the basic formula of a platformer - kidnapped female, evil castle, jump on enemies, etc. But the reason the formula still exists is due to the fact that, occasionally, it works really well. Banjo-Kazooie is a case where the cliche works to perfection. Although we question Nintendo's blatant violation of the genetic cloning ban put in place by the president, they did so for a good cause, and a damn good game.

Like Super Mario and Donkey Kong this game is a classic. The good gameplay and graphics pay off.  This is worth the money.

Item arrived on time and in great condition. I will be playing this game alot and would recommend it to others who are planning on getting this game as I did. Thanks!

I spent many years of my childhood happily addicted to this amazing game! playing other poplar N64 games I hated how in most of them, you can't wander all over the world and explore. But you can in this game :) I loved the first starting point level where you can just hang out as Banjo and explore where he lives, all the cute characters were a blast and I loved going on little adventures for them. but oh no! Banjo's little sister has been kidnapped by the evil witch! the pursuit of her is epic, and I love her good witch sister whose turned on her and tells you embarrassing secrets about her :) whoever created this game had a wonderful mind. I LOVED how one of the last levels is a game show where they quiz you on every little detail about the game :) one thing I hate about modern state of the art games is how it takes maybe two days to defeat the whole game. but banjo kazooie took months to defeat! and in that time I learned every single detail and aced the game show wonderfully :) and I can't even get started on all the levels, I could write a novel about how amazing all the levels are. I think one of my favorite things about this hasn't was mumbo turning you into amazing little creatures! omg it was wonderful. other N64 games just cannot compare. they don't make games like this any more.

Banjo-Kazooie is one of my favorite games, and it works perfectly after all these years and being shipped around the country. perfect.

Great game. Friends still prefer playing this game and other N64 classics, than playing those new expensive gaming consoles. Nintendo!

This is a classic game that never gets old. I love the length of it too, its not something you can finish in just a few days. The one that I bought on amazon is in great condition too. It's "like new," just as the seller said. :)

This game is fantastic. Personally, I love it. Have you ever played a game where an evil witch is ugly and wants to be evil so she steals a beautiful girl named Tooty to try and transfer the beauty to the ugly witch? Also, have you ever played a game where a bear and bird have to collect golden puzzle pieces, musical notes, dinosaurs mixed with teddy bears named Jinjos? Also, have you ever played a game where a shaman transforms the bear and bird into various forms? Well, if you haven't, this is where to start. This game is perfect for all ages. I would recommend this game to anyone who has a N64.

I got the game in good time and can still play it to this day (I got this game a year or more ago).

Played it when I was a kid. Picked it up recently and it all came rushing back to me. Great

I bought this for my boyfriend and his brothers. They LOVE IT. The game works perfectly. I was pleasantly surprised! :] Thank you!!!!

I really love this game a LOT.  It was a LOT of fun.  Me and my older sister just LOVED playing this game.  But then because of space issues and because nobody plays Nintendo 64 anymore.  I got rid of Nintendo 64 and all of it's games.  Again, nobody plays Nintendo 64 anymore.  It's an old out-dated system and all the new games would go to Nintendo Wii or 3DS. :(  So, I really hope to see this game resurface.  I would like to play it all over again. and I don't see how anybody could get tired of this game.  There were so many games that I loved in 64 that I would love to see all over again.  The younger generation have no idea how much they are missing out on the good old games. :(

The product was in great condition, even better than I expected for 'Acceptable'. It even included a quick guide for cleaning methods of the game, should it be unplayable. My only issue was that it took awhile to ship, longer than the max suggested arrival time, but that is the only flaw. An enjoyable experience!

Although its collect-a-thon gameplay shows a little age by today's standards in gaming, Banjo-Kazooie stands as a landmark in Rare's history, especially as one from an era when Rare tended to follow in Nintendo's footsteps. But Banjo-Kazooie shows they were capable of more than just crafting a platformer in Mario's image; they were able to add to and tweak the gaming blueprints enough to make for an original adventure without ruining anything.Progression in the game relies mainly on the collection of music notes and puzzle pieces (much like the collecting of stars in Super Mario 64), and this often times involves an array of abilities and items that must be aquired (also reminiscent of Mario 64). But although the core gameplay between the two is undeniably similar, the whole feels different enough to still feel entertaining and original. Where as Mario 64 has you hunting down caps that grant you certain powers, Banjo seeks transformations (which is one of the game's most entertaining aspects) that sometimes change how you play completely. The main hub area (Grunty's Lair) also blends smoothly into its own ten individual worlds, giving you a sense that the worlds really are connected.Its a fun, lighthearted game that has you wanting to visit each world the same way a kid eagerly yearns to ride every ride at the amusement park!Review originally written for eBay January 19th, 2010.

I've never really had enough of an attention span to play "collect the item" games, but this particular one is really great. It has enough action and puzzle involved to hold the attention of even a gamer like me (with, honestly and unfortunately, a terribly short attention span) for hours at a time, with enough elements of finding things you'll need later to keep you playing and replaying each level. A truly great game, and I wish more of the sort were made these days. I feel way too young to be saying this, but they just don't make them like this anymore!On a side note, the cartridge I received has some... Interesting connections. I'd guess the previous owner loved and played it as much as I do haha.

Bought this game used.  Was working fine at first then it just started freezing up on my son.  Constantly had to restart the game.  And memory erased.  Not worth my money spent.

This is one of the best games out there, it's a classic. Banjo-Kazooie is one of the rarest and hard to find games ever, The story is really good. A witch kidnaps a beautiful girl and wants to be the prettiest of them all. Her brother and his pal Kazooie have to save her. While its a relatively easy it can still be hard in some places and there are cheat codes to help you along the way with things like Gold feathers, Red feathers and Eggs. However if you quit and save your game then the cheat has to be reentered. While the game does have it's flaws its still really fun to play. The game essentially is very easy next to its sequel game, Banjo Tooie. The levels all relatively easy, however it is very easy to die in this game, on top of that like other reviewers on Amazon have said about dying and losing notes and recollecting them is toldly true. Clarkers Cavern was the worst because you only have 6 things of air and have to get extra air, from a fish blowing bubbles. The level that is the most challenging of them all was Click Clock Wood. Because of going from the changing seasons and having to grab notes from all seasons that was tough for me. However the most challenging and difficult part of this game, is beating Grunty herself. That is the most challenging part of this game. because you have to hit her with eggs and unfortunately its a huge flaw on Rare's part for not putting a homing shooter like they do in the sequel game. Overall despite it's many flaws Nintendo and Rare have done an excellent job making a game that is graphically pleasing, and the gameplay is awesome. Buy it you won't regret it.

I'll just put this short,sweet,and simpleThis game is not unbeetible but still persents a chaleng.If you like Super Mario you will LOVE this game.

I bought this game because as a kid, I loved DK64, and more recently, I played the GBA Banjo Kazooie to death!This game, while great in many ways, doesn't hold up too well today, especially if you play it AFTER playing later Rareware games. I like it, but I didn't love it nearly as much as I thought it would.

This is one of my all time favorite games. The characters are likeable, with hilarious dialogue and an intriguing story. Also the music is some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. Also, the graphics and sound are great for N64. The controls are CRAZY precise for N64, and MAN is this game challenging! There are lots of secrets to uncover and special power ups to unlock. If only Microsoft hadn't ruined Rare...

I really love this game that is quite similar in concept to Super Mario 64.  Though it is a lot simpler than its successor Banjo Tooie (in that one there are many types of eggs plus you can change characters) but it is a lot more fun.  The successor had a lot more dialog that you had to wade through.The final battle with Grunty is one of the toughest obstacles I have encountered in a video game and I still have not figured out a way to beat her without the unlimited gold feather cheat.

Very creative fantasy world. For those tired of all the war games. They don't make video games like this any more.  Fun for all ages.

Banjo-Kazooie is an excellent addition to your N64 game collection. It's very similar to Super Mario 64, but beats it in pretty much every aspect. The worlds are bigger, there are more things to do, the graphics are more crisp. Additionally, the game is funny! There are more characters and funny interactions than in Super Mario 64. This is a good game for children and adults. A basic reading level is necessary to understand character dialogue and jokes. One player, 3 save slots.

Now that Banjo & Kazooie is over five years old a sequel now exist and there is likely another game coming. HOPEFULLY! The game only for the N64 is one of the most amazing platformers ever. In fact it's one of the most amazing games in any genre period. It took a while to beat the game, but it was well worth it. If your not familiar with B & K, let me explain.. Banjo is a bear with a handy backpack. Kazooie is a bird who hangs out in Banjo's backpack. With the many special moves Kazooie pops out of the pack quite a bit. Together they work through many HUGE levels collecting items like puzzle pieces (100 hidden through out the entire game), musical notes (100 on each level), little Jinjo people (5 on each level), there are also Mumbo skulls to find, they allow you (once you have the required amount) to change form, you must visit the mumbo skull guy quite often. Changing form is mandatory, for instance B & K cannot fit into some smaller places. Turning into an ant allows you to go into a small hole where prizes are not reachable otherwise. Vast and adventurous, B & K is impossible to dislike even if your not a fan of platformers. Even if your just watching, it's entertaining. I'll give you an idea of how effective the story is. BANJO & KAZOOIE is THE WIZARD OF OZ of vidoe games.

When I first saw this colorful little game at my friends houseand gave it a try I was shocked. THe game was so cool but I [wasn'tvery good] at it. Now I was never an expret at video games but I wanted to do a little better than that! SO I went and rented (and later bought) the game and spent the whole summer trying to beat it. I was hooked.Banjo-Kazooie Is an enertaining game. In a way it retells the story of Snow White in it's own.... creative little way. The evil Witch Gruntilda is jelous of Tooty's (Banjo's Sister) beauty so she kidnaps her and traps her in ther Lair. When Banjo and Kazooie find out about this they race to her lair. THe only problem is finding her involves going through a myraid of different worlds (my favorite being the last one), putting together puzzles, and collecting musical notes. This may be harder than they bargined for...

I got this game for my brother for his birthday. The game was received quickly and it works great. He loves it!

I got this Game for my little sister for Christmas, she opened it up, popped it in the N64 and it took us a while to get it to even start... after that, we found out you could not save on it. also the tag was very very worn, it looked like they grabbed it off of a truck or something! im super disappointed, especially since i payed much more than this game is worth.

I have never played anything like this since. Everything from Sly  Racoon, to Ratchet and Clank, owe it to this.Wicked witch Gruntilda takes Banjo's sister to hey layer, miles away in a realistic 3D cartoon world.Banjo is a bear with Kazooie a bird in his backpack that can help him jump and fly and basically you learn to do lots of things with it. You solve puzzles via action and collect tolkens across lovely maps. Mumbo Jumbo transforms Banjo into some other creatures along the way. You can fly. It was amazing. A full adventure all the way to end. We played it for months and I have NEVER played anything like it again. The makers of Donkey Kong released it at the best time. It is now up to the future generations to make adventure concepts better than this one. This is one of the best N64 games ever.

It was a European version I can't even play it on my n64 I am extremely disappointed I bought it for my brother I am extremely pissed off

There is not much I can say except this is THE BEST GAME FOR N64. Not too easy, not too hard, tons of levels and objectives and the cutest cast of characters (Jinjos rock) If you like adventure games, Banjo-Kazooie is for you!

This was the second game that i bought for N64 and i must say that is prob. the best game that i have bought yet, ( i know own close to 10 i think ). the graphics in this game are awesome, the story line is cool, and the side puzzles are fun. i would recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenge. there is nothing that i can think of that is wrong with it. just an all around great game.

I got this game when i was a kid and loved it. Now about 14 years later it's still a lot of fun and I love it. Very happy I bought this game

This game has been one of the best I have played throughout my whole life I have played it since I was a kid and even now, it is a timeless classic and will always be one.

The delivery was fast and I appreciated that.  The cartridge itself was in fair condition as the seller advertised.  However, even though the seller advertised as &#34;guaranteed to work,&#34; there wasn't a guarantee for how long.  The game freezes every now and then and freezes frequently when left on pause for more than 30 min or so.  I gave this review 4 stars instead of 3 mainly due to the responsive delivery time and the fact that this game was a childhood favorite of mine when it first came out.

Game works just like a new copy, the fact that it was just a little worn and dirty looking hardly takes away from it's value.

Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game.

No box or book as the description said so I got exactly what I was looking for. Plays perfectly and arrived in a very short amount of time. Kudos!

The beauty of Banjo Kazooie is the quirkiness. Banjo is off to rescue his sister from the witch so she wont become ugly. That's just the start. Banjo Kazooie is cute, pretty and a whole lot of fun. The best platform game I've played.

the gamekept me intertained and challenges. it also gives you info for the sequal banjo tooie. hope you have fun playing this old game

This game has been my all time favorite since I can remember! It is right up there with Mario!!! You must try this game out!

This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter but since she was home for the holiday week-end I had her check it out.  Everything works great.

the sticker on the game looked as if it was brand new, and the game played perfectly, as if it was never used.

After Rareware turned GoldenEye into a system-seller for the Nintendo 64, it broke out again with the action-platformer Banjo-Kazooie. An ugly old witch named Gruntilda has taken Banjo's sister Tootie and plans to suck the beauty out of her. Banjo and Kazooie (the bird that lives in his backpack) must brave Gruntilda's fortress to get Tootie back.The plot is a little sugary and kiddie, but it's really just an excuse to send gamers on a Mario 64-style adventure, where completing tasks and puzzles in worlds will open up new worlds to explore. Yes it's pretty much a clone of Mario, but at the same time it refines and enhances the Mario formula. Players have more unique special moves at their disposal, and these are much more essential to navigating the environment and solving puzzles. Worlds are beautiful, creative, and expansive, tossing you into a room with a giant shark, a huge snowman, or a forest where you can actively move between the seasons. It's all topped by memorable music that changes to fit the environment, fades, or grows louder depending on where you are in the stage.This is a game that has aged gracefully. Yes it's on an old system, but the art design and music still hold up well like the classic Mario titles, and gameplay is solid. A masterful experience thats supplemented quite well by its sequel, Banjo Tooie.

This games offers a sense of adventure and fun you could never find in today's generation that mainly focuses on shooting and action

This game was in good condition when it arrived and is a great game to play.  The graphics are great for their time their reminiscent of the N64 Donkey Kong.

I was surprised when I got this game two weeks before the expected delivery time. Put the game in and it worked great. It's just as I remember from when I played it as a kid. :D

OMGosh !! . .  My son .. grandson .. and great-grandson . . all three are totally enjoying this game soooooo much.  I'm not any kind of a game player but it makes me feel so good just watching their enjoyment.  Thank you for a product that is not full of all that blood and gore that so many of the games have now days.

This game is very easy to learn. With great sound effects and cool moves. Plus great graphics, nice gameplay, and fun bosses. This game is well worth the money and enjoyable for the whole  family. Have fun!!!

Banjo-Kazooie is a game that didn't really appeal to me at first.  It looked to childish, to easy, and just basically stupid.  Comming from the  epic company Rareware, I was a bit more interested in what this game was  about.  Seeing so many good reviews and so many possitive aspects, I  realized I must give this game a try.  Well, was I ever lucky to do so.  Keeping with the Mario 64 type control style and the amazing graphics, I  couldn't put the game down.  Even though the game was kiddie looking and  very childish too, it was really placed for us people who love adventure  games.  The little things, such as the mini games, make this game even  better than it already was.  Imagine running around in the snow in a race  against a sleding polar bear or playing follow the leader with a giant  ghost hand.  These are only a few of the things you can do in the game.  The game flows a little different than Mario fans might be used to; you  have many things to collect.  For starters, your main objective is to find  all the Jiggys on a level so you can gain access to all other levels.  Also, music notes are needed to break the witches spell on doors throughout  her lair.  And even little guys called Jinjo's are here for you to collect,  so they can help you on your journey, through a forest, islands, deserts,  and many other worlds.  If you have seen a Rare game, you know that they  have good graphics, so no exception here, very well done.  The music is  also a plus feature on this game.  With so many great reviews by people of  all ages and sexes, you would be doing yourself a great disjustice by not  buying this game.

Rareware - words fail me. Again they have made a quality title beyond imagination. Creative beyond a shadow of a doubt. 95 % of people agree, that Banjo-Kazooie is a landmark title with everything the N64 has to offer, and that it is worthy of 5 out of 5 stars . While developed early in N64's lifespan, the graphics stand out beyond many titles recently released. The sound is equally as impressive (for N64), and the game has been cleverly melded with it to make you feel as the atmosphere of the game has changed, depending on your situation.I am proud to say many people love this game. Many of my friends still play it occasionally, however few have beaten it all the way. This game is solid for 50+ hours of gaming, but only when you are willing to get every last puzzle piece and musical note, and every other item. Some people dislike it, and do not be fooled; a 27 year male old who listens to ultra-hard rock and loves games with extreme violence and/or nudity will NOT like this game. It is by no means for everybody. Many gamers, from preschool to high school will like it, but not everybody.The controls are easy enough to master, and any avid or casual gamer will easily master them with a little practice. The sound is superb. The graphics are good, for an N64 title. There is not a dull moment in this game, and the attention to detail is amazing. The puzzles, the meat of the game, are easy enough for older kids to have a challenge and not to hard for younger kids. The puzzle peices, your reward for completeing a puzzle, are well hidden. The musical notes, the only way to advance to the next portion of the overworld, are challenging to find. The most fun part of the game, visiting Mumbo, is quite enjoyable. He transforms you into various forms. A fat walrus, a termite, and even a bumble bee. There isn't really an advancing story, but that's okay. You get an occasional cinematic, but it's pretty basic.The story goes...The evil witch, Gruntilda, is happily hanging out atop her mountain WHEN... The "cute" Tootie, sister of Banjo the bear, strolls by. Overcome with jealousy, she sees Tootie is quite a bit "cuter" than her. So she kidnapps Banjo's sister and creates a machine to suck Tootie's "cuteness" out and put it into her. Banjo and his sidekick breegull, Kazooie set off to find Tootie. A mole named Bottles helps them learn some new moves to defeat various obsticles in the game.Well, I hope you enjoy this game. Thanks for reading this review, and until next time...CRIMSON|RED

I loved this game as a kid but my older brother took it with him when he moved out.  It works perfectly and arrived in due time.  I was worried ordering a used game because some I'd ordered from places in the past haven't worked, but have absolutely no complaints!For any who want a review of the game itself:Of all the games we played growing up this one stood out due to its creativity and its soundtrack.  I love the variation in the worlds, from wandering the beaches of Treasure Trove Cove to the snowy winter wonderland of Freezeezy Peak.  The characters are fun, and the &#34;violence&#34; is very child-friendly.  My mom enjoyed listening to us play it enough she went out and bought the soundtrack so she could listen on her own!Hats off to the makers of this game, because the level of creativity and imagination that went into it was outstanding.

I give this game a 4 out of 5 because although I didn't beat it, I've enjoyed playing with Banjo, and his bird friend. One of the best games ever made from Nintendo, and I can't wait to bring it back in my life because I miss, and love it so much. I thank Nintendo, and Rareware so much for this game. I recommend this game to everyone. Awesome game.

i put five stars on it because it played really good on the n64 system that i do have allot

Many people believe that this is a copy of Super Mario 64. I have played Super Mario 64 DS, and I must say that for the most part they are correct. The only thing different from this game is the puzzle-finding element to the game. If you are into strategy and action games the two games you should have in mind are Super Mario 64 and Banjo Kazooie. But, suppose you could only take one. Which would you purchase? Both are almost the same. If you like games where you have to think and games that are tedious, both are for you. Overall, since Banjo-Kazooie makes you think quite a bit more and has the extra puzzle-finding feature to it, I would suggest you pick up Banjo-Kazooie first and then either get Banjo-Tooie if you truly enjoyed the first game, or get Super Mario 64 if you want to play a slightly different video game. Also, Banjo-Kazooie is A LOT easier than Super Mario 64. So when you go to the store to pick which of the two games to buy, remember that unless you have a lot of free time on you hands, you probably shouldn't buy Super Mario 64.

Not one of the best games. I would have rather played Mario just once. I only play it for about two minutes. I fall asleep afterward.

this is the best n64 game ever made next to the wonderful ocarina of time.i beat everything in it when i was 9-i collected all the jinjos,got all the puzzle pieces,etc.i bought it when i was 8.it's an amazing,fun game.i just feel tormented that i had to use the players guide to beat the 2nd,banjo-tooie.i try not to think about it.but this game is extremly hard and grueling-but in a good way.the levels are extremly detailed and fun.my favorite is the graveyard/haunted house level.(i forgot it's name.)buy it.i command you.

i LOVE this game, the stuff is done so perfectly and near flawless. here is my review of the game so i'll sort the different aspects into sections.PLOT: 8/10 the plot is relatively simple, you have to rescue your sister, who has been kidnapped by an evil witch who wants to steal her beauty. kinda cliche, but pulled off very nicely, the witch Gruntilda constantly speaks in rhymes, and the she sends you threats while you go through the hub (her lair), and taunts you, and even tries to trick you with false offers. and as you go on she gets less and less sure of herself, so the plot is really a "between the lines" sort of deal. not to mention that there is even a "game over" video, rather than a screen, so you see what happens when you fail.GRAPHICS: 10/10 while they may not be so great anymore, these graphics were really the best you could find back then. they were even better than the PS1 games, which were really something because the only other N64 games that came close to the PS1 games required the expansion pack, so you can tell they worked hard on the graphics because this one doesn't need the expansion.SOUND: 10/10 along with sick graphics Banjo-Kazooie still has some of the best sounds in video game history. i mean, the two main characters are named after instruments, right? the songs are all memorable and each one has a certain feeling too. Spiral mountain has a lot of happy memories, while Mad Monster Mansion could fill your mind with fear and sadness. also, the effects have great sounds too, when you find a 1-up, when you kill a monster, when a monster hits you, and etc.GAMEPLAY: 9.99/10 what is a game without good gameplay, a bad one, that's what. luckily, Banjo-Kazooie has some of the best gameplay you'll ever find in a platformer game. you can run, punch, roll, and even fly, there's even more things than Super Mario 64, or even Galaxy for that matter. also, as the game goes on you learn new moves, get more upgrades, and you can even transform into other animals with help from the shaman Mumbo Jumbo. you'll learn a move called the "talon trot" which helps you move much faster while you're in a hurry, and even before you learn that you can always roll, then when you're about to stop, jump. it's almost as fast and really easy to do. the only thing that kept me from giving it a 10, was the swimming. you can hold A to swim slowly, or B to let Kazooie use her wings to make you speed off. the problem though is that holding A makes you go extremely slowly, and holding B comes in short bursts of speed. not only that but letting go of B is like sliding on ice, it's extremely hard to aim where you want to go and once you let go of the button, you start slowly stopping, and this can be very annoying in Clanker's cavern, where you'll spend a lot of time in 70 feet deep sewage water, because that is probably the worst place to drown.OVERALL: 10/10 overall, this game purely deserves the 10/10 and if they make a new Banjo-Kazooie game that somehow comes out on a nintendo console, with just as good factors, and they have better swimming, i'll call it the best game ever.

I really like this game very much!!! It is by far better than the PSX game Rascal which really sucks. I have never played the sequel but I think it is really good. This game has great graphics. It is one of the best platformers ever. Every N64 owner should own this great game!!!!

Recommend this to all to play. Really like this game. Would recommend this to all to get . Great item.

Better than it's sequel, which was a little more confusing. This is on the top ten list of Nintendo games, hands down. If the music was released on soundtrack, I'd buy it in a heartbeat, especially for &quot;Click Clock Wood&quot; and &quot;Enter Furnace Fun, (Right At The Pad)&quot;  The music is just hands down, 2nd best to Quest 64.The graphics are very nice. Nothing violent, but nothing incredibly mild. Well done.Gameplay and Plot-Gameplay, it's VERY easy to control. And the plot is very good-Saving your younger sister fromm looking like an ugly witch! VERY original!I got this two years ago and I'm not tired yet, does that say something? Use the Gameshark for this, too!!! It does mess up your moves at Mad Monster Mansion if you have an older version though.

This game is just as I remembered it from my childhood. Hours of entertainment, and dang, it can sure be difficult at times!

