I bought these cables to o in the trunk of my new car because I believe in being prepared. They are basic medium duty cables I own many sets like these and they get the job done. These will last for years I believe with occasional use.

I have one set of these cables in all of my cars and have used them.  The length is enough to jump start the car, even if the other car is behind you.

I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though.

I bought these several months ago before the winter hit full force in Wisconsin.  Now that the winter is over I'm very happy I bought this and kept it in my car...had to use it several times on my own car and a friends car.  I bought an extra set for my girlfriend.  These are high quality.  The clips are very strong and the orange cord is very strong as well.  I highly recommend this product.  Heck, they're cheap enough and are a life saver - everyone should invest in a pair and keep it tucked away in their trunk...just in case!

These long cables work fine for my truck, but the quality seems a little on the shabby side. For the money I was not expecting 200 dollar snap-on jumper cables but these seem more like what you would see at a chinese knock off shop like harbor freight for 30 bucks.

The weakest link in any booster cable is the clamps.  If the connection from clamp to terminal is even slightly weak then the amperage is critically limited (even 1 ohm is too much at 12 volts).  I chose these because of their fairly heavy gauge to maintain amperage despite their length, but (and you can't tell from the listing) the clamps are not as impressive as I would like -- they are the sort where there is copper on only one side of the jaws and I would prefer both.  Most of us have had the experience of working clamps into corroded terminals to try to get just a bit more power.  I haven't used these cables yet but assume confidently they will work fine.  The cables are fairly flexible and appear sturdy and well-insulated.  Don't skimp on cables, you get what you pay for, and I think these are merely a fair deal in light of their much higher price.

This is just what i needed.I do not have to double park to assist someone with dead battery this is why i chose this product

Received promptly in good order. It was needed to go the length of my Prius while parked in a narrow stall.

These are decent cables for the price. We bought one for each car. I trust that they will work when I need them.

I haven't used them yet. All my cars are 6 months to a year old. I purchased these as back up. I just had a situation where I tried to jump a friend with a booster pack I have that did not work. We borrowed a set of cables and the car started right up. I inspected the cables and they seem to be as advertised.heavy duty, long and the clamps seem good. Hope I never use them.

I bought this cable set based on other customer reviews. These are as described. Heavy duty and long enough to do the job. I know they will work when I need them. I'm content with my choice,

These jumper cables are not very good.  The wire is Aluminum and the battery clamps are poor quality(steel teeth on one side).  You really have move the clamps around on the battery post to get a good connection.  The two times that I have had to use them I had to grab a DC current meter to check for current flow and then had to playwith the clamps to get a good connection.  Best thing that can be done to this cable set is to cut the ends off and solder on a good set of jumper cable clamps from Napa.  By the time you do that you could have just spent $100 on a much better set of jumper cables.

These cables are made with aluminum wire which has been tarted-up with a copper coating.  The jaws are steel, also deceptively copper plated.  The insulation on the wire is some cheesy substance that I suspect will crack and fall off within a few years.  I would rate these three stars if they were sold as what they were, instead of pretending to a quality that they don't possess.  If you need a long set of jumper cables that will start your car, and you don't expect them to last too long, these will probably do the job for you.  If you expect quality components and a lifetime of service from the tools you buy, keep looking.

When your battery needs a jump, it's nice to have cables you can trust. These are well-made, very sturdy, and they have GREAT clamps on the ends.

I drive a large diesel utility truck, not the easiest thing to maneuver close to another vehicle to give a boost, but with these cables I don't need to.  Heck, I can even park behind them and still reach.  That 25' length really comes in handy, and I've had a lot of guys ask where I got 'em.

My brothers car had been having some battery problems so I bought this to help him out. Normally my old jumper cables could get the job done but since when his car loses power it literally can't change gear I needed something that could get to his battery even when I parked front to back. the lack of head leads is awkward but anyone with enough forearm strength can bend it to the needed angle. all in all excellent cable!

I bought these cables for my grandson who is in the military, currently living on base, and he was so pleased.  Thanks to all the reviews, I had no idea which cables to buy and he said all his buddies couldn't get over not only the durability, but length of the cables as well.  He's happy so I'll rate these cables 5 star!

A necesity if you have a car.  I was able to help someone at the greocery store parrking.  One of these days it will be me needing to use them to jump the battery in my car.

Can't comment much on these since they have not yet been used (I will come back and update my review is I find any issues after first use) ... but they are built solid, nice tough big hard clamps and love having a long cable so I never have to move cars around or anything if needed. I bought these to have in my new truck since you always need cables ... but another reason is for when I tow my travel trailer and we run the batteries with no shore power they may die after a couple days ... if you are in need a quick small recharge they are the perfect length to pop my hood, run the cables to the back of the truck and hook up to the batteries that are on the tongue of my travel trailer ... running the truck for 30-45 minutes with this nice large gauge wire connected from my battery tot he trailer battery will give me a bit of a charge if ever in a pinch and I have no shore power, solar, or generator to recharge.Bought the bucket boss 06009 jumper cable bag and it fit this 25 footer Perfectly!!!It has no use and is a waste of money right now ... but will EASILY pay for itself the first time you need it ... always be prepared! :)

Sure, you get what you pay for.After reading all the reviews on this product I noticed that several complaints were about the cables being copper covered aluminum (CCA) instead of just copper. Well, guess what folks, pure copper cables in this gauge and length are around $150! I ordered the 20 feet/4 ga. cables for just under $40. True, being a trained electrician I would prefer all copper but 4 ga is 4 ga. I don't have $150 to throw into my trunk for a product that if I'm lucky, I will only use once or twice.Yup, the "Polar Glow" is just a little sticker on each clamp that glows, not the clamp itself. So far I haven't needed to use these but they look great. The box they come in is fine for trunk storage (comes with a handle), no need to get a separate bag. They do seem to be heavy duty and I can't wait till I need them...lol

Although these are US made and have fairly good build quality, the cable itself is aluminum, not solid copper. The cable ends are copper-clad, which could be taken as an attempt to mislead the consumer.Skip these and get a set of all-copper cables from Rizk National (no affiliation).

The product is great. I needed something that was long enough to deal with situations that prevented parking close enough to another car to get a jump start.

Was unsure when I got these, these looked odd at the ends . Well it came time to use them and they worked perfect.

Very high quality, made very well. These are worth the money to get the ones that will last and serve you well when you really need them.

Used this product many times now over the cold 2014 winter.... ignore bad reviews... these cables are absolutely fine! Very long and worth the money to reach over long jump distances.... highly recommend! Cant measure longevity cause we bought them very recently... but so far so good!

fast ship. secure packaging. fit and finish is great. for the $$$, you cant beat these. 4 guage is the way to go. extra long cable length with great quality insulation. the glowing pos/neg cues work well, but are kind of a gimmic imho. if you cant tell the difference between pos and neg, you should probably call AAA. clamps are sturdy and solid with very strong springs and good bite on the pole.  great product. highly recommend...

Much heavier cables than most of those you find in retail outlets.  The wire guage is what is most important, and these cables are heavy enough.  I wish they had soldered connections at the clamps, but if you keep them clean and dry these will last forever. The clamps will attach to side terminal batteries.They also have a tag with insructions attached to the cables, but if you need to read them at all you should do so very carefully. Jumping a car battery is quite simple, but easy to screw up and I strongly suggest that if you carry cables you do so only once you are confident you know how to use them properly.

Quality Product, very heavy, and nice clips - could have used a little more conductive metal in around the contact ends, but that is being nitpicky.The box the cables arrived in would be a fine carrier in a pinch, it has a handle i might not trust after a couple of years but its ok for storing in a pinch.The spare canvas bag I had barely fit the 8 foot cables I had, so I knew I would need a new one. Picked up the offering fromArsenal 5888 Cable Organizerand could not be happier with the combo for the girlfriends car.The bag will not be fitting much more than these cables, but thats my goal - I want her to be able to stuff dirty cables into a bag without other stuff getting dirty.

Nice Heavy Duty cables, I personally do not like the clips on the ends for the screw post but I guess they are a necessity for their function, long and very durable. Great Buy.

Heavy duty jumper cables.  20 foot cables take up a bit more space, but sure is nice when you cannot get right next to the car that needs a jump. 4 gauge is great for this length.  This is good guality cable that stays flexible below freezing.I bought these for my young daughter who lives in the city.  People are amazed that she knows how to jump a car.  It is becoming a lost art and new vehicles can suffer damage from a jump.Anyway if you want serious cables for a fair price these will work for you.

THEY ARE OUTSTANDING WORK LIKE A CHAMP FOR THE HEAVE JUMPING I NEED TO DO , THE CABLES DON'T LOSE A LOT OF POWER WHEN JUMPING WOULD BUY THEM AGAIN I A HEART BEAT

Good price for heavy duty, and long cables.  Heavy gauge cables get vehicle started in cold weather when the thinner ones fail.

I absolutley love Amazon!!!  For the price of a set of cheap Booster/Jumper Cables in a brick and morter store, you can buy extra long and heavy duty jumpers!  First off, don't be the person that not only needs to ask a kind passer-by for a "jump" but also if they have jumper cables.  It's MUCH easier to get a jump start if you have your own cables.Next lets talk about sizing.  Having the longest cable possible is a major plus if your car is parked up against something like a pole or wall, or even parked on a one way street.  The "booster car" (the car w/o a dead battery) can pull in close enough to use the cables without having to manuver into some akward position.  Or better yet, you won't have to push your vehicle into a position to be jumped.  If your diving a normal sized car they can even pull in behind you to jump you!  Or if their vehicle is the shorter of the two, they could pull in front.  Now how about gauge?  For those who aren't electricians or engineers, as the number value of gauge decreases, the size and capacity of the cable increases.  So for example 6-ga has about twice as much copper wire as 8-ga, and 4-ga is a about twice as much as 6-ga, so on and so on.  That doesn't mean you double the capacity of wire with every two numbers though.  4-gauge may sound like a lot but it really isn't.The technical stuff.  Don't worry if this doesn't make sense, you don't really need to know all of this, but I'm trying to make a point as to why to get the longest and heavist cables you can.  I'm not an electrican but I've worked with it long enough to know a few general rules of thumb.  First of the enemy of electricty is resistance.  Resistance ultimately determines the load a particular wire can carry.  Five things factor into resistance.  Temperature, conductor, voltage, load, and distance.  Temp we can't control, so we have to assume the worst (HOT)...or in other words need heavier cable.  Conductor should be copper, or at least a high purity mix of copper...good there.  Voltage...12VDC is a low voltage system...probably the biggest problem we face.  Since is a low voltage system we have to contend with voltage drop as it travels over the wire.  The higher the voltage, the longer it can run with acceptable levels of voltage drop over a particular gauge wire...so again since it's low voltage need heavier gauge wire.  Load (Amperage)...it's a car starter so it takes A LOT of power.  The voltage is a fixed number (more or less) so Amperage is determined by the size of the engine your trying to start.  And you'd be surprised how high that can be.  Even a small engine can be well over 300 Cranking Amps.  That said even a "dead" battery will put out some power.  As for distance...this cables selling point is also a draw back.  25' is LONG run for 12VDC.  So like I said in the last line 4-ga isn't as much as you think.  In fact, if you have an engine over 6-liters you should really consider 2-ga for this distance.  So summing up in layman's terms...considering the hot temperatures outside, the fact that it's 12VDC and we need a long cable, and that we're trying to start a car engine (which takes a LOT of power) these are the ONLY cables I could reccomend for anyone driving a small car up to a light truck.Lets talk about how to properly start a car with a drained battery.  Make sure the LAST connection make is the NEG clamp to the "dead" car on a frame ground (something metal and NOT MOVING or GOING TO MOVE in the engine compartment.)  Don't attach it directly to the battery's NEG post.  Next lightly rev the engine of the running vehicle for 3 to 5 minutes.  This will put a bit of a surface charge on the dead battery.  Then attempt to start the car.  As soon as it starts remove the cables (starting with the NEG on the car being jumped.)  If you ever have a dead battery for any reason...take it to an auto parts store as soon as possible and have it tested to make sure it still holds a proper charge.  Most places do it for free.  NEVER touch the clamps together once connected to a battery!!!  Doing so could damage you vehicles electrical system, and/or cause fire, burns, explosion of the battery, damages to your cables...A couple of final thoughts.  Protect your investment.  I bought a cable bag that works really well to keep them from getting tangled with everything in my trunk.  Also keep the twist ties that come with them which will keep them organized inside the cable bag.  And once used, take them home and clean and dry them before storing them once again.  The oils inside of engine compartments can be corrosive to rubber jackets and copper contacts.  These cables are more than worth they weight in gold!  They are inexpensive and top notch quality!

I bought these cables for my daughter's car.  I am not going to get into the whole &#34;gauge and cladding&#34; argument.  I am just going to say this:  These cables will jump off whatever vehicle you need to jump.  That simple.  Done.

I read this review, ignored it, bought these anyways, and hate them! I rather use my cheapy alligator Target specials than these. That is saying something from someone who used to jump start cars/trucks/semis for a living (worked close to a freeway offramp). The clamps are absolutely horrid and the uneven jaws cause these to move a bit sideways from their "spinning" to a stop, if you will, on a short post. These do not place well on both my Optima batteries' posts. When a car won't jump, we can't help but wonder if it is the battery (Mustangs and their dead batteries, you know...) or these cables, so we keep trying to reseat them on the post better, until we can attain a jump. So after the umpteenth time of frustration with these, I am back here at Amazon searching for something better. Slim pickings too. Just basically Colemans. I guess I will try the 2 gauge parrots, but I am wondering if their jaws are too big for shorter posts sitting in the back of a crowded hood.

Good heavy-duty cable. Reaches from under the hood to the back of my Nissan Frontier pickup. I tested with a winch on a hitch plate and everything worked well. I'd buy again.

I like these cables much better than my old ones.  The old ones had the two clamps joined too close together without enough slack to reach from the battery to a proper grounding spot on some cars.  These have plenty of reach and the construction seems quite durable.

To be honest, we haven't need them yet, all we can say is that the product seems surdy and well constructed. The only flaw that we saw is that they don't come with a case for easy carry arround.

Exactly what I was looking for.  Long cables that stay bendable and don't become stiff.

Extremely long length and quality cable with ends is what was needed. These will be used for numerous jump-starts between  autos and marine use. Got the recommended case with the cables which made the perfect gift.

Cables are crimped to the clamps. They should be soldered.These are fragile at best. So I'm looking for a better setfor our work vans.Thanks

I purchased the 12' feet long cable set and they arrived in a retail cardboard box with handle, which could be used as a storage and carrying case for these cables, although I will not need to store them with the carry box.  These are high quality long cables of high grade materials and I believe worth the price I paid for them.  They will store in the back seat storage compartment of my truck easily.  Recomend.

I purchased 5 different 4 gauge cable sets from Amazon and Ebay.  These seemed to be the lowest quality clamps and were the most expensive ($25-45).  The Cable wires were very supple though and thats a plus.

Cables seem ok so far. good price, free shipping. Have not used them, no dead batteries yet.

My wife bought a new car and I created an emergency car kit for her, including this cable. I ordered the 4 gauge 20 feet version. The cable looks and feels very durable. Its very heavy and easy to unravel, so I kept it in its original box and threw it in the trunk.

Coleman Cable 08662 25-Feet Heavy-Duty Booster Cables, 4-Gauge.  I bought the "best" January 2013 and just stored them in the trunk for some future emergency.  Had a totally dead battery in Hyundai 6 months later (dome light left on), and pulled up 2nd car (Expedition).  Once hooked up, all power was restored to Hyundai dashboard lights, horn, windows, etc.  But on turning the key to start, all voltage disappeared and starter didn't even click.  Worked half an hour getting a firmer clamp on top post terminals, letting the Expedition run at 1500 RPM to charge up the Hyundai battery a little... all with no success.  There was so much resistance in the Coleman cables that once real amperage attempted to flow, there was a complete voltage drop across the cables.  A friend loaned me a ratty old pair of cheap cables that started the car instantaneously.  Were the Colemans really 4 gauge?  Or perhaps manufacturing defect where cable welded to clamp.  They were completely useless.  Tried to return but Amazon web site said they had to be returned in 30 days... but, hurray for Amazon.com, when I explained the problem by e-mail that upon first use, they failed, Amazon approved the return 6 months after purchase.  Its not obvious how to test jumper cables when first purchased and you don't have a dead battery to try out the cables.  I will buy a different brand from Amazon.com. And when they arrive, I think I'll unhook a battery cable from the battery and test the cables jumped to the open cable when I receive them, rather than "assuming" they're good and just putting them in the trunk. Thanks again Amazon.com

Basic cables that have good clamping mechanism design.  The clamps are hinged by a screw that does not come off so it bites on to the posts and does not unhinge.

It is so nice to have 20 ft cables. With the cheap jumper cables you have to park right next to the car to be jumped. At times that is not possible. It makes you really appreciate the length of these cables.

Finally cables long enough to go from the car end-to-end.  Sometimes you cannot get that close and these are top quality cables - super nice & heavy duty.

These cables are nice and flexable, stores easily and clamps very well. The length is prefect and they are heavy duty without being bulky. While I've only had touse them once, for another stranded person, I was glad to have them!

When it comes to preventive emergency, always buy the best.  With each new car I make sure I have a quality Booster Cable in the trunk.

Only had to use them once, but it was well worth the cost of having them. I keep them in the back of my SUV coiled inside the original box -- that way they are kept neat and ready for use.

I purchased this product last year and I leave it in my trunk in theBucket Boss 06009 Jumper Cable Bag. I drive an 8 year old Honda, so it never hurts to be prepared.I finally got to use my Coleman Booster Cables a few months ago when my battery died in the commuter lot. They worked like a charm.Pros:1. Heavy gauge construction  makes for a quick jump. (you have to hold them in your hands to appreciate how heavy duty they are) Well built.2. 20 Foot length let's you jump a car from behind without parking side to side or nose to nose. Much safer on the highway.Cons:None so far.August 6, 2012  UPDATE: I just jump started a stranded mother and daughter's Nissan Murano in the parking lot after the Coldplay concert. The Coleman cables worked as advertised.December 10, 2012 UPDATE: A neighborhood kid was trying to start his Mom's Acura MDX by popping the clutch as he rolled past our house. His SUV is an automatic. I jump started his car with no drama, other than the comedy of watching someone trying to pop the clutch with an automatic transmission. (?)

Bought these to replace an old set that just didn't cut it.  These are heavy duty, and I expect them to last for years.

Used them twice last winter to help some people at the park and ride.They did not even say thanks :( Love NJ !But the cables did the job. Make sure to get a storage bag for them though.Otherwise they become a mess.

Decided to purchase this product as it is American made. Excellent quality. Very durable product. Length/gauge combination suitable for almost any vehicle application. Clamp springs are strong. Jaws are copper with relatively hard temper. Pleased with this purchase. (30 year aviation maintenance engineer and automotive mechanic)I recommend this product.

I purchased these only because I couldn't find the set that has served me faithfuly for a decade or so. What can you say about jumper cables, they either work or they don't work? These seem to be well made and tanble free, I have seen better clamps but these will work just fime.  With 48 hours of receiving these I found where  where my wife had placed my beloved old ones, which are now secured under lock and key and out of her well meaning desire to put stuff away for me. The new ones will remain in my car, no  telling when I may get to be the best man at a wedding or something. In short they are great for emergencies.

- Personally, I think price is a bit high.- Cable quality is great. The "power glow" clamps did not impressed me though. In fact, sometimes I feel they are not that securely 'bite' on the battery.- 20 foot and 4 gauge is a must for a safe and serious jump-start, do not save money by cutting these.

We went to Cedar point last weekend and going back, my friend's car battery died. I immediately pulled up next to his car side to side and was able to jump start his car using this 12 feet cable. I now was able to verify it works.I will update when I have a problem or if it fails.

These big wire cables are the best ones i've seen around. They are good for jumping that big truck battery or small car battery. They work very good and are some what compact. I would tell all to buy them. They are the best value around.

Size and quality are excelent for a convinient and properemergency help.Perfect size to reach any car or truckwithout the risk of causing circuits.

These Jumper cables are heavy Duty, Yet easy to Store. I keep them in one of my containers on my delivery vehicle. They are high quality. They are 4 gauge cable, so they are perfect and long enough to Start are Utilimaster Diesel trucks when are batteries are run Down. There are more expensive cables and even more sever duty use cables. these are perfect for this type of vehicle in an Emergency. The cost is reasonable as well. With 25 feet, you don't have to get real close to the other vehicle. you can pull up to the back and or side and just run the cables under or down the side of the vehicle.

Purchased the product in Nov 2012 and used it for the first time yesterday Nov 29, 2013.  Yes 2013.  It does not work.  Stuck yet again.

FIrst class.  These are a must for all cars.  Spend a little more than  the cheap jumper cables at Walmart.

Basic cables. Does exactly what I need it to do. As pictured, nothing fancy. Came in great condition. Thank you!

These cables are heavy duty plus long enough to work with to jump old case tractors and old 3 ton trucks which is why I purchased them. No more dragging equipment around in order to get to the offending batteries.

For years I have had a pair of cheap jumper cables which did the job.  However I wanted a pair of really good quality ones that I could rely on so I ordered these.  They are well made and perform great.  I bought 2 sets - one for my vehicle and one for my wife's.  Happy with them.

The cables were accurately described and are well made.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good set of jumper cables.

The length and quality of this booster cable helped me get out of a tough spot when I needed a jump and was distanced a cars length away from the booster car. Another time, My neighbor liked them so much when I boosted him, that he bought a a set as well after getting his truck started with these. I difinately recommend these cables. they are not the cheapo skinny ones.

I just used the cables this morning and they were great!  I knew the car was dead last night but didn't have time to deal with it then. So this morning, when it was 6 degrees out, I tackled it.  I pulled the cables out of the trunk expecting to find them stiff, but they were just about as flexible as if I had stored them inside!  I hooked them up and 'snap' the car started.  I had been using a "good" set from Sears.  They were either 6 or 4 guage and were supposed to "remain flexible to 'x' below".  They usually worked but were always VERY stiff and difficult to use.These cables are both heavy duty AND flexible. GREAT product.

These cables will do the job.  I wish the construction was a little better near the actual clamps, however they work great and are extremly heavy duty.  I would recommend.  Always remember to read the instructions.

bought these for my k2500 suburban plenty of length front to rear. i ended up using them right out of the box as i for a dead battery in my truck. they worked great. several people have complained about the clamps. they worked well for me and i had no issues with poor connections. cables are well made.

Regardless of what review I would have written, I didn't like the fact that the box was labeled with the brand &#34;Road Power&#34;, but I was looking for the brand &#34;Coleman Cable.&#34; I had a mini-anxiety attack because I thought I got the wrong product in the mail.Of course, I will have to take this thing out of its box and wait for an emergency in order to give it a full review.

This pair of jumper cables works  just as advertised. The length has been a blessing, allowing me to be farther away for the disabled vehicle than in times past. Would recommend to anyone with a vehicle, one never knows when they'll come in handy!

Fortunately, I've only had to use these cables once so far, but I love that they are longer than my old cables, as I don't have to finagle the cars around as much, because these cables are so long.I've been looking for a carrying case, and I'm sure I'll find one eventually.I'm not sure what else to say - the car jumps perfectly fine - I don't think I've ever owned light-weight cables, so I can't compare to that, but these work wonderfully.

I need a long booster cable since in case i ended up my car needed to be jumped (and it's 2 times already in like this year),  i need a long jumper cable that can reach far enough regardless of the position of my car.  The 2 times my car run out battery, the car is not in a good position where another vehicle can just park side by side..

They are depicted as Orange in the picture when purchasing but when they pulled a fast one and when they arrived they are actually bright red!!

Great cables...they are just what I had hoped they would be....extra long cables makes it a lot easier to jump a dead battery......well worth the money

I ended up returning these cables due to cheap construction.  I suppose they would work well if needed, but for the price, I expected a better quality product.

So the wire gauge and am-page rating thing confused the hell out of me. I went to my battery manufacturer's website and coleman cable's website to look up the information. After much research, my understanding is that the higher the am-page rating, the better chance you will start your car in cold weather, usually a new car battery has 350-400A Cold Crank Ampage (CCA). Since these cables are made of Copper Clad Aluminum (also abbreviated as CCA coincidentally), their ampacity are only equivalent to 1 gauge lower diameter pure copper wire ( search 'Ampacity of Copper & Aluminum Wire, it's published in the NEC code). What's more with longer cable the resistance also goes up so you will loss some ampacity along the way. My experience with Coleman's 8 Guage 12' cable is that unless I attach to the dead battery's negative post, it won't deliver enough juice to start the car by connecting to the engine block ground point to my Honda Civic (mid size car use 400A CCA battery), so my assumption is anything has current rating less than 200A can't be used without acting against the label warning by connecting to the dead battery's negative post. So take what's available here and consider your need.Coleman's CCA booster cable product spec.Cable Gauge Cable length Current rating6 Guage  12 ft  300A6 Guage  16 ft  250A4 Guage  12 ft  400A4 Guage  16 ft  350A4 Guage  20 ft  300A4 Guage  25 ft  250A

unless you have AAA, make sure you pick a pair of these up.  they do not  tangle, which is nice and easy to clamp on.  Well worth it, especially if  you have kids...you cannot afford to be stranded.

Thankfully, I have not had an occasion to use these cables but it's nice to know that they're neatly packed away in my trunk should I need them. They're well made and come in a nice compact case. Just nice to know they're there.

I haven't had the need to use it, thank goodness, but the products looks sturdy and well made. I do like the length and it sure comes in handy if you can't get the second car as close as possible to jump the dead battery.

these are good enough to get most motorized vehicles up and running, for semi and farm equipment, get solid copper.

The Coleman Cable 08665 12-Feet Heavy-Duty Truck and Auto Battery Booster are great, heavy and fit perfectly into the Arsenal 5888 Cable organizer.  Hopefully i don't ever need to use them but better to be prepared than sorry.

The clamps on these are the week point. The connection between the clamp and the cable is not the best, just some metal tabs bent over the wire. The clamps themselves will not fit on the terminals on my battery. The notch on the clamps for side terminals also doesn't really work all that well. I keep them in my truck for emergency use and they work good at jumping cars, but look elsewhere if you need to jump start a diesel or tractor.

I am not really impressed with these cables. I expected 4 gauge cables to be a little more heavy-duty. I guess you get what you pay for.

Good product for the price!!! Not the best quality, but not the worst either. Well worth the $$$$$$$$$. Good buy, for sure.

I picked up the 20ft 4ga with a bag that is good enough to hold the cables for a casual user at Wallmart. If they would have had the 25ft I would have/should have got that. Streched the 20ft and it barely clears my F150 from nose to tail. The ones I got at Wally World for $25 are the same here for $35 and I did not have to pay shipping. Just found this posting on Amazon about Warranty with the Coleman Cable Inc., (I was wondering how to make a claim if I ever had too!) Of course this is on an extension cord but a company warranty is a company warranty in my opinion..By  Ananin Ami (Fairfax, VA USA) - See all my reviewsThis cord lasted only 4 uses. On the 5th use it caught on fire and burned my $90 Toro leaf blower. On the packaging there are the words "LIFETIME WARRANTY" but when I contacted Coleman Cable they said that their warranty is only good for items that didn't work at all, not for items that failed after use (sounds like an excuse). So I lost $40 on the cord and $90 on the leaf blower.Stay away from this product and stay away from Coleman Cable!

I ordered these to keep in my vehicle, just in case I needed them. I had to use them once on someone else's vehicle, and they worked great!! The length is perfect!

When my car battery died, we got a jump-start from someone with a big truck. He looked at our &#34;light duty&#34; booster cables and laughed, saying that we should get heavy-duty cables in case someone with a big truck jumped us--light duty cables are not meant for bigger vehicles. Luckily, the truck guy had his own cable to use to jump-start our car. We bought these so that we'd have them, and they do what they're supposed to do. I always keep them in my trunk now.

These are pricey but they are very well made.The cables arrived when expected, were well packaged for shipping, matched the picture, and were of very high quality. Not much else to say - good but expensive jumper cables.5 stars for quality minus one for price

I have an old car, Its bound to need these sometime. I got a set after I gave my old ones to my boss whose truck was acting up. These are long (20') and heavy duty feeling. Usually I'm giving someone else a jump. If I ever have a bad experience with these I will come back and update the review.

The cables are made in the USA, which is great, but they are not copper cables.  They are the much cheaper "copper clad aluminum" cables that are of much lower quality.  The product description states, "Extra Heavy-Duty" and "the strongest consumer grade available", which CCA is not.  I need the jumper cables for emergency use only so they hopefully won't be used much.  If you need to unroll and roll up the cables often look for copper cable, not this product.  This kind of information should have been in the product description, but then if it was, I wouldn't have made this purchase.

Great, heavy duty, very long so you don't have to park two vehicles on top of each other, great clamps too works on all batteries.

I bought these 25 ft jumpers for the upcoming trip in my RV .Sure enough,in North Carolina my house batteries went dead in my coach lucky for me my 25 ft cables jumped started my coach from my toad vehicle without unhitching it from the coach. Big, time saver!  Nice item made in USA too! Most important 4-gauge is best I didnt have to start jumping vehicle to start coach.

They're a big gauge that's long and made in America.  A perfect set.  I've used them several times to jump off cars, trucks, even forklifts.  A coworker was trying to jump off a car with his cheap, thin Chinese set and it wouldn't work.  I hooked mine up and the car started right up.  This is one of those items that even though you hope you don't have to use you, you should spend the extra money and buy a good quality.

I have a 4 cylinder 2008 Honda Civic and I was able to jump my dad's 8 Cylinder Lincoln with these jumper cables. I was surprised because I have heard that small cars have trouble jumping cars with large engines. In any case these worked great. I also love that they are made in the USA.

Long enough to reach from one to another car to another! Love em..........bought about 6 pair in the last year to give as gifts!

I purchased these cables based solely on internet research. Coleman seems to be a well respected company. After inspecting the 08660 twenty foot long four gauge cables, I am satisfied with my purchase. The materials appear to be of good quality, and the clamp design is intuitive. There is a top of page review dated September 14th 2006 by Privacy Advocate titled "Slight disappointment" in which he describes his concern about the clamps having only one side of the jaw plated with copper. This actually is an intelligent design. The copper cable is connected to only one jaw (the jaw that is copper plated for increased conductivity). Copper plating the non-connected jaw would be counter productive. I recommend purchasing a minimum length of twenty feet, a minimum of four gauge cable, and clamps rated a minimum of 500 amps. The length is recommended because you may not always be able to place a boost vehicle nose to nose or side by side. The gauge and amps are particularly important if you live in a cold climate. Check the vehicle OEM battery specifications regarding cold cranking amps (CCA) for a clear understanding of why gauge and amps are important.

These were priced right and have a heavy gauge.  To be honest, I have not used them but the build quality is very good.

My husband bought these to keep in my car in case my battery ran down while I was out of town.  I feel secure now having them in my car.  He says they are good quality.

I didn't own any jumper cables and had not needed any for many years. But I do need to keep several batteries charged up when not in use and with the cables can maintain 2 sets of RV batteries at one time. Not wanting to lose much amperage while charging I decided on a 4 gauge set. A good value for the money.

Despite the gauge of the wire being listed as 4ga. It really wasn't. I'm not sure but it seems as if modern wire gauging is done differently than it used to be. The actual metal core of the wire wasn't as thick as other 4 gauge I have. Despite this, I'm sure these will work. Actual length was correct, they seem pretty well made.

They're pretty much as advertised.  Good quality cables with enough length to jump with cars parked one behind the other when necessary.  I shopped around probably entirely too much before this purchase and am pleased with my selection.

I was expecting a well made set of HD jumper cables for this price and brand name. Nothing wrong with them in a pinch. I would not call them Heavy Duty however.

I used standard length booster cables for years, then found and bought these 25 ft cables and now look for situations to use them.  I don't worry where or how my car is parked. Recently I had to park behind someone at the grocery store to jump their battery when there were no other parking spaces. Worth every penny!

These are heavy-duty enough that I was able to use it to jumpstart my Jetski (Sea-Doo RXP) which could not be started with the only cable available at the local AutoZone.  The handles are not a solid conductor, and the teeth have a pretty sharp point on it, so it was a little difficult getting onto the smaller battery, but overall, it worked well.

This cable was of poor quality in both material and design.  It would have melted if I had used it to jump start my Diesel Mercedes. I donated to a worthy cause rather than go thru the expense of returning it.

I received the subject Battery Booster Cables and almost immediately had a need to use them.  My son needed to have his car started, and these heavy duty booster cables were easily able to accomplish the task.  They are easy to use, and the extra length (20 feet) is nice when you don't have the ability to pull the vehicle close together to make the connections.  Definitely worth the investment.

Get the 25 foot 4-Gauge jumper cables.  They are made very well and could be the last set of jumper cables I own.  It's a great investment.  I bought a pair for each car. If you have to use them, parking will not be an issue with 25 feet.

Normally you don't need jumper cables, but when you do you need a good set that are long.  These are heavy duty, long and very durable.  I bought these to go in my pickup truck.

Excellant product. I would be happy to recommend this product and company to anyone. I am a very satisfied customer.

These seem small for 4 guage, unless they are counting the cheap insulation wrapped around the copper colored, aluminum wire. These are cheaply constructed. Returned 1 minute after opening box. I'll agree that these are probably o.k. for the occasional user.P.S. I ordered a couple of sets of Bayco booster cables. They may be expensive, but they should last the rest of my lifetime.

Not an every day use, but I needed some good cables for the random emergency that could happen.  These arrived and are nice thick cables, not those junk ones, but the price was a lot lower than what I've found elsewhere.

Needed a longer set of booster cables and preferred this one as it is a heavier gauge. Have not used it yet.

These cables are amazing.  20 feet long.  The cables are well built and very strong. This is a must-have for anyone.

It arrived quickly, looks sturdy and doesn't take too much room in the trunk, but I haven't needed it yet, so only 4 stars.

I've bought at least two booster cables in my lifetime and this is one that is long enough for most situations for my old car.

I was very pleased to see what arrived when I open the box for these cables.  They were very high quality. We didn't have booster cables for the SUV so I was looking for something to put in the back. Again Amazon had exactly what I was looking for and a selection of products to choose from. The Coleman Cable 8660 heavy duty booster cables are a great buy and I would recommend these to anyone.

These battery booster cables are everything they advertise and more.  I was very impressed with the build quality and craftsmanship.  I would definitely reccomend these for anyone with a pickup truck.  I drive a diesel pickup and have used these twice now to jump start other peoples vehicles.  It's kind of funny I never was asked or needed to jump start anyone's vehicle till after I bought these......oh well I enjoy helping people out!

I tried using cheap cables to jump a V-6 (VW camper van) from a V-6 engine (98 Toyota 4 runner)  the source battery in the 4 runner was more than adequate - dry cell HD battery.  No luck.  Hooked these up and it started right up.

Dear All. Product had been tested @ -22 degrees Fahrenheit. Worked perfect on midsize SUV. Isolation stayed flexible. My recommendations.

Have not had to use these cables yet but they feel solidly built and seem like a good purchase overall.

These jumper cables are the perfect length to reach from the front of my truck to the tag-a-long dump trailer being towed.  Perfect to keep in the truck for the times the dump trailer battery decides to quit.  Also good to charge another vehicle without being so close.

Purchased for rainy day, have not used them yet. These cables appear to be of good quality, and most important they seem to have a decent bite.Purchased with & fits perfectly into the  ##  Arsenal 5888 Cable Organizer  ##  http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dautomotive&field-keywords;=Arsenal%205888%20Cable%20Organizer

This is a great product, came in handy the first week we received it, with a dead battery, very sturdy.

They serve a purpose. work when needed and haven't fallen apart. good enough.12 feet is plenty in most cases, I mean how often do they get used?

I have not had the need to use these cables yet but they are well built and of obvious quality.  It appears that they will last many years and may be the last set of cables I will need.  Recommend these cables and not the smaller cheap ones.  I once had a cheap set of cables that got damaged while trying to jump start a van.  Get these cables.

The 4-gauge cables I have used in the past are usually very stiff, but these cables are very flexible which makes it very easy to maneuver them around in tight places under the hood.

WE BOUGHT A GENERATOR AND NEED A LONG BOOSTER CABLE. THIS IS VERY STRONG AND DOES THE JOB WELL. WE ARE VERY PLEASED.

These are heavy gauge cables made with alluminum wire that has a very thin coating of copper (enough for looks); still their amperage rating is equivalent to 4 gauge copper wires. The clips are decent and will work on most if not all battery set-ups you come across; they grab tightly but are not too hard for the average person to squeeze open.The wire is crimped to the jaws and but the instalated part of the wire is not also crimped. There is a place on the jaws to crimped the insulated portion (which would then act as a stress relief) but it is not used. You can crimp it with a pair of pliers when you get the cables -- just tight enough to grab the cable is all you need -- this will prevent the cables form breaking away where the aluminum is crimpt to the metal.Jaw markings-- there are three types of markings boasted by the maker: First is Color -- Indeed one can easily identify one side of the paired cable form the other by the color of the jaws.Second - Indent stamping -- the polarity is stamped into the metal jaws -- The imprint is not disticnt and not very easy to read in good light. At night, it would be useless and one couldn't read the impression by feel. So these are practically useless.Third -- Phosphorescent labeling -- phosphorescence stores up energy for a short while after strong light exposure and slowly sheds the energy as dim light. So, if you put the cables in the sun for a while, the labels will glow for few minutes. This would help you if you need to jump your battery at night only if you have some sunlight to hold the cables under for a while. Most people will keep the cables in their trunk anyway, where it is genrally dark, so the cables won't have been recently exposed to a lot of sunlight. I suppose one could hold them in front of the car headlights for a few minutes and then moved away from the headlights and quickly read the labels, that would work. But then, why not just read the color of the clips while holding them in front of the headlights? The phosfluoresecnt labels are just a silly useless sales come-on.They are not, but even if the labels were made with tritium capsules -tritium is a radiant ionic form of Hydrogen (used sometimes on wristwatches -- the tritium is spent after a few years. The notion of glowing labels on booster cables borders on idiotic.If you have trouble remembering which color to use for positive or negative, just remember that it doesn't matter! What matters is that the same color going to positive on one battery goes to positive on the other. You could use black for positive if you want or red.You always double the consistency of polarity before attaching the fourth clip. Even if they glow in the dark, have marquee lights blinking messages or they sing "I'm positvely in love with you".These cables are for consumer (i.e., ocassional) use. For daily, professional use, you'll want real copper cables because copper doesn't corrode or fatigue as easily as aluminum. That's not an issue for cables receiving ocassional use. With ocassional use these will serve most motorists for a lifetime and serve well for the money even overlooking the silliness about the clip labels.

I hope to never use these cables, but the construction looks just fine, and the price was quite good. I bought two sets to put one in each of my wife's and daughter's cars. I'm fairly sure that if my wife needs to use them, she will figure it out, and if my daughter needs to use them, she will find somebody who will figure it out. I do recommend buying 6-gauge or heavier cables, as these are, especially if they are copper-plated aluminum wire, as these appear to be. Aluminum has a higher resistance than copper, so the same gauge cable will conduct less current. 6-gauge should be sufficient for small and medium cars, where the starting current is not tremendously high - it may not be sufficient for large trucks or tractors, especially in cold weather. Choose your gauge carefully!

Have not used them yet but they arrived as described. Seem to be heavy duty. They feel good. Only time will tell.

I've looked for a longer set of booster cables for emergency use for our RV that was not too expensive. This one seems to fit nicely. Have not used it yet - but it looks like it will do the job just fine.

For the price and in the right situations these are good cables.  Good length, good ga. wire and copper connectors. But for me where they fall short is at the clamps and this type of clamp seems to be on MANY cables available today. I could not see it in the photos but the clamps are uneven at the ends because of the extra notch the manufacturer adds on one side to make it easier to connect to side terminal batteries. Also there are NO teeth on the end of the jaws so you HAVE to make your connection using the teeth on the sides of the jaws.  This does not sound like a big deal until you are in a tight situation and have to clamp onto a top post battery straight down, then you have an uneven clamp end and no teeth to grip the post.  I happen to also have a car (a domestic) with a remote mounted battery, not a HOT ROD or modified car, just a stock factory production car where the manufacturer could not fit the battery under the hood for space saving and design reasons and put it elsewhere in the car.  Remote batteries used to be a rare thing on mostly European cars but it is fairly common now on all makes of cars.  With the battery not under the hood or in the trunk I have a Pos. and Neg. lug under the hood at the end of battery cables to jump the car with.  The Pos. lug is surrounded by plastic in a depression to prevent anything from accidentally hitting it and shorting.  Because of this there is little room and I can not get the side of these jumper cable clamps to grab the lug, I need teeth on the end of the jaws to grip the Pos. lug. I'm returning these cables and for $15 more (on sale) than the price of these cables I got the same length, the same 4 ga. wire, clamps with teeth on all 3 sides, even jaw ends, a side terminal connection in the jaws, and they came with a hard plastic storage case, safety glasses and gloves. After shopping around for a week I found this is a great deal.  I shopped all over the Net and in my local stores comparing prices wire length, size, and end clamps.  There are many great items for great prices at Amazon but if you need what I need in a jumper cable go to your local SEARS.

So glad I bought these before I had a problem. Since I've bought them I've used them about 8 times usually on my wife's beach-beater (the starter was going bad -- the battery was old too), and they work great. The clamps are effective and the cables are sure. They're not too thick that it's cumbersome, but it's thick enough for the current to flow through well. Very pleased with these.

Disclaimer: I have not yet had to use these cables. I am reviewing solely on inspecting them. With any luck, these will stay in the box behind the seat in my truck and I will never need to use them.A good set of jumper cables is a must in any vehicle, especially if you live in the frozen North (Cleveland here). Sure, you can buy some cheap 12 gauge or whatever at your local big box store. But I have personally been in situations where the cheap-o cables simply could not carry enough current to jump my vehicle. The cables were too thin to charge the battery in a reasonable amount of time, and could not carry enough juice to turn the starter.ALWAYS buy 2 or 4 gauge. ALWAYS buy long cables. I don't care what anyone says. Cars are low voltage but high amperage. A starter cranking needs a TON of juice. Those dainty little WM cables will not cut it. Enter these cables.At 4 gauge, these could probably jump a semi. At 20 feet, you can easily link two cars together even if one is in a difficult spot. When life happens, you do NOT want to be stuck somewhere with cables that aren't adequate.These cables fit the bill. The handles also appear to be fairly durable, which is important. I have had cheaper cables have the insulation on the handles flake off. Makes for a painful jump.Overall I am impressed with the workmanship and specifications for the price. Hopefully I will never need them: but if I do, and they do not live up to my expectations, I will update this review.

Good quality, hope I only use them to help out other stranded motorists but at least I will have a good LONG set in the trunk.

Nice set of cables, however, looked a little thin for 4 gauge.I guess they don't make em' like they used to.

Bought these to keep in the car for emergencies. I've only needed to use them once and they didn't let me down. They seem well made and do their job appropriately.

I have two other pair for other vehicles that I had purchased years ago.  I figured I'd purchase another set thru Amazon.  Based on a lot of positive reviews I thought I'd buy these.  After receiving them I was surprised to find that of my three sets, this is the lowest quality of the three.  The fist thing I noticed is that the insulation on the wire is much thinner than my other sets.  However, the copper wire seems about the same so I'm find with that.  However, my real beef with these cables is the clamps themselves.  When I squeeze these handles, they open but they also twist as they open.  The clamp metal is much thinner than my other two.  I also see that clamps do not contain much for battery clamping material.Bottom line, these will work for the (hopefully) few times I ever need to use them but I certainly would not consider them to be heavy duty.

Bought this cable after the reviews on Amazon. It is a good sized cable with a sturdy build quality. Strong clips, good quality insulation. It has come in handy for me on various occasions when I forgot the lights on my car. So I guess worth the money. The length is pretty decent and therefore it eats more space in the trunk.

Bought this for my son-in-law for Christmas. He has an older car and has to travel farther to work than before.

Love it I have already used it and it works like a charm thank you so much ! Thank You Thank You

Wire insulator is thick, and clamps are of good construction.  These are as good as any $40-50 set of cables you'll buy at an auto parts store.

I was surprised by the good quality of these cables and their light weight. Then saw they were Made in the USA.

These are solid, heavy, well built cables. I noticed I was able to charge my battery quicker with these. I use the battery in my running car to charge a deep cycle battery while camping and these seemed to transfer more energy, or maybe it is just the strong connections....either way they work. I might try going down one more gauge to see how well they work. But no complaints.

The cable like strong enough and is what it's ad described. It is good choice consider about the price. I will recommend it.

