These provide nice colors without having to use a whole lot. No noticeable taste from the colors and they didn't change the consistency of the frosting.I used these when decorating a cake for my friend and it turned out quite nice, pic to be posted soon.

The product has many colors, te size are very small, but still it's great, you can mix colors etc...Te product arrived 4 days after I orderd it.

I've been looking for a red food color because I wanted to make poinsettias on top of a cake for the holiday.  The red is very red, just what I needed.  The green is also nice.  I have not tried the other colors yet but I am happy with the purchase.  Shipped fast & well packaged

I'm very happy with my order this is a great started kit of Icing colored kit and love the 12 colors.

Yes, they are totally artificial. But for special events like birthdays, I honestly feel that its okay to use them, and nothing colors frosting like gel food coloring. I used to buy the single larger colors, but Id end up having them for years, and they do get funky tasting. Im so happy to have found this assortment. It has every color a person could need, including dark and light skin tones. And you can blend them to make even more shades if you desire.Each color comes in a smaller size than when you buy them individually, which is great for me because I only use them 4-5 times a year.

Just what we wanted.  Fair price and good quality.  The gel is easy to use and is much less messy

Really loved this icing colors! You just have to use a small amount and it do wonders!already done a rainbow cake and many fondant decorations using only these as coloring and they still are almost full.Good deal for the price :)

Fast shipping and arrived just as described! I'm excited to try these colors in the gel format...i've been using a powder form of color which i like, but curious to see how these compare!

Vibrant colorsShipped quickly.Great to use in fondant. The color holds up nicely.Don't get this on your hands or you will look like you were foolin' around with a Smurf

I have been using the Wilton Gel Colours for years, the difference is I always buy it from the store. I decided to buy online but I was dismayed with the product for the following reasons:1. Tub Seals broken -  The Pink Rosa, Kelly Green, Golden Yellow tub and Burgundy tubs seals were broken - i dont know how this is possible.2. Not True to colours - None of the colours hold up well.3. Bitter Taste - They all had bitter tastes to themREALLY - REALLY - REALLY DISAPPOINTED

I've only used a handful of colors but they are wonderful and bright.  The red is still a little pink but adding a drop of black makes it red and awesome. But only a drop because it's very potent.

Makes vibrantly deep colors. Will stain your fingers pretty good too. :)A liitle tiny bit goes a very long way.

Icing colours like these in NZ are an absolute rip off for what they are, hence why I bought from Amazon. The selection of colours is unreal and I am over the moon with them - thank you

This set of icing colors is perfect for what I needed.  It's a good value and it covers all the basic colors I'd need.It doesn't water down the icing and it's easy to mix in. The colors are vibrant and a little goes a long way.  What more could you want from food coloring right?

These are the same colors that you can purchase in the store, but they actually are in smaller tubs. I'm not sure if this is a better value because you get about half of what you get at the store. It's great for me because I dont use them often, so I don't need that much.

Still can't get red to come out as red.  It's always this fuschia or neon red and never deep Christmas red.  But all the other colors are great.  Even black works really well.  I just wish they would finally figure out putting these colors in dropper bottles or something so I don't constantly have weird stains on my hands and colored toothpicks everywhere.

This is a set of great colors with excellent vibrancy and blend-ability. I've had this set for almost 3 years and still haven't ran out because a little goes a long way.

Im in love received this a week ago and already put it to use. I am so glad i found these was using the liquid kind, these are so much better, i thank my mother for using these herself when i was younger. great buy cant go wrong Wilton is the best

Taking cake decorating classes, I needed a lot of different food colorings.  I found just that in the product I ordered.

Love the paste colors good for keeping icing from getting to running. The price was also good. will purchase again when needed.

This colors last forever and it really easy to mix the colors . I have made several cakes and I havent even put a dent in it

Was very disappointed to find that this product has high fructose corn syrup in it.  I don't know if this is common for all icing colors or not but I guess I figured since it was Kosher that maybe it wouldn't have those type of ingredients.  Wish I could return it but doesn't pay off because I would have to pay for shipping to return.

EXCELENTE PERFE CTO FAST  A SDD D FD. . . . . . . .  . . . .  . .

I like these colors for mixing for frosting. But it just seems like I have to use a lot red or black get to get the colors I want.

I love the mix of colors in the set and it is really all that I need. I will buy another as the price is right also.

I ordered Wilton Cake colors from Amazon and was extremely happy with my purchase. The exact product I wanted arrived on my doorstep the next day in perfect condition and cost $3.00 less than it was selling for in the store down the block. Excellent bargain.

This is such an amazing product most esp for an amateur like me.I just started decorating cakes and this really brings out the real color that I want.I won't recommend anything else but this food color most esp for fondants.

My daughter who lives in Seattle is a cupcake baker, and this product was a Christmas stocking gift for her!

You don't need very much of this food color to make great color.  I just dip a toothpick in the get the color and mix it.  I followed another tip from a user to keep the foil cover half way on the bottle and then reseal with cap.  Great idea!

I've never used gel color before. A little goes a long way. The colors were brilliant with a small amount of gel. Exactly what I wanted. No after taste at all.

Only takes a small amount to make rich color.  Bought at a craft store for $14.99, very pleased with the purchase.  I can tell these colors will last me a long time.

The red requires a lot more color than the others, but the colors are vibrant. You can mix colors together well to create even more. They color frosting, dough, batter, even Easter eggs.Though I think from now on I will get AmeriColor for reds, Wilton is amazing for the rest.Be careful, though, as I get chunks of color gel and you really need to be sure they get mashed into whatever you are coloring.

These food colorings are very fun and easy to use because they don't drip and the COLORS are just beautiful.

So much easier to buy in a box than indiviually and less expensive too.  I had all the colors I needed and more options for mixing custom colors/

These are great to color your icing for cakes & cupcakes. Very pretty colors! Definalty will use often!  Adds a nice touch!

I loved this item.  I used all of the colors and they all worked very well.  I am excited about being able to use them again.

These are a must have for decorating cakes. It had a great selection.The jars are just the right size for all the right colors.

Some, and I emphasize some, Wilton products are available at Walmart, including this, however, it is about the same exact price, so save some gas and order it online early.Also, there is a LOT more of their line online than at walmart, so don't think that what you see there is what you get, they have LOTS more on here.

Unfortunately, the red is pink, and the black is gray when i used it for cupcake but for icing they work perfectely.I wonder if any one can give me a tip on how to make it pure red and black for cupcake.

I bought these colors hoping to make a beautiful rainbow cake as pictured in the customer photographs.  Unfortunately I ended up with a pastel rainbow cake.  I tried several different recipes and different concentrations of color in my batter and didn't get a single vivid color.  I'm not sure if I got a dud batch or if they're all like this, but it was very disappointing. I did not notice any difference in the flavor of the cake due to the coloring, which was the one positive quality of this set.  Guess I'll save them for springtime baking...

Bought these to decorate my kids birthday cakes. They work really well, although I was hoping that the blue and red would come out a deeper color than it did. Only a little is needed so they are a good price for how long you will be able to use them.

When I received this I was excited.  However, most of the small containers of colors were completely dry.  I know that you can regydrate them, but come on!  When I used some of the colors with frosting I was making, it took quite a lot of the color to add any depth.  I thought the point of using this type of coloring over the store-bought drops was the intensity of color.  I think it is a bust.

Yeah, this dye is tasteless as advertised!  I know there are already a million 5 star reviews but I thought I would join the chorus anyways. The dyes here are really vibrant and most importantly tasteless. This allows you to make really beautiful fondant cakes.  I literally put like 1 drop of this dye gel in about a 4" ball of fondant and it came out the shade I wanted. The colors are pretty much full spectrum of the rainbow plus black. You can mix and match if you want to get more colors. I found it very easy to use. There are instructions on the box. I paired this with purchased fondant and made a very lovely orange, red, and black Halloween themed cake. I can't wait to use these again. For the price of less than $11, I feel like I got a good deal.

Really fun and easy to use. I needed it to make a rainbow cake and it worked perfectly The colors are bright and vibrant.

I fell in love with cake decorating as a child, watching my Dad decorate a cake for my school Valentine's Day party.  By the time I was thirteen I was decorating cakes myself.  Paste food colors, which allow for very intense color without using a lot of product, have had a home in my kitchen for more than 50 years.  Often they have been Wilton colors. In years past when I was doing lots of cake decorating I usually bought 1 ounce or even 4 ounce jars of color, but even a 1 ounce jar is far more than you need for the limited use of home baking.The half-ounce jars inWilton 601-5580 1/2-Ounce Certified-Kosher Icing Colors, Set of 12offer enough color to easily last a year or more, even allowing for dyeing your Easter eggs.  Do remember that a tiny bit of this goes a very, very long way and that it will stain your hands & counter.  I find it best to remove only a small part of the inner seal and then use a toothpick to remove just the tiniest bit of color at a time.  (You can always add more for deeper color.)A couple of notes - Frosting colored with paste color deepens in color as it stands.  You won't notice this much with pastel colors but it is readily apparent with bright red, blue and green.  Roses the exact red of red roses when you make them will dry a very deep maroon. Also, very deep colors that require a substantial amount of color to achieve usually will have an "off" taste from so much color.How to Dye Eggs with Paste Color -This will give you true red, purple, bright blue and other brilliantly hued eggs.Put about 1/3-1/2 teaspoon of paste color in the bottom of a cup or mug.  (I like to use cups with light colored interiors.)  Add 1 teaspoon of white or cider vinegar, then fill the cup to about 1.5 inches from the top with boiling water.  Stir to dissolve.  Soak hard boiled eggs in the color solution until you get the shade you want.  Remove to drain and dry on paper towels.

Love the colors I can create and the colors are pretty depending if you want darker or lighter. A little goes a long way

The product that I received was not what I expected. Nowhere on the box did it say it was kosher and the box looked nothing like the image. Also I had to use an entire container to achieve the color result I desired and I find that to be very wasteful.

Love, love, love Wilton products. What I have learned is when making dyed buttercream or fondant,work your color into whatever your dying and let it rest as long as possible. That way the color can become truer- red dyed products will start off pink then go red, black products will go purple/gray to black

These are very nice and about the right size for quick color jobs.  The color selection is excellent and I have already used 3 of them.

i haven't been disappointed with this product at all. i use it for a variety of things, doesn't stain teeth, and a little goes a long way. definitely worth the money. fast shipment!

I have tried a few different brands, but I always go back to wilton gel colorings when making icing. I think you tend to have to use less of  wilton's gel than other food colorings. The colors are much richer also. I highly recommend over other brands.

These make awesome colors!  Easy to use.  I made so many different colors from bright to light.  Really pleased by this.

I recently bought these Wilton tints and they worked great!  I was able to tint white cake batter as well as buttercream frosting in seconds.  I do have to say, however, that the colors come out much better when used in the icing than in the batter.  However, overall, I was very pleased with how good the product was.  I agree with other reviewers about the red tint.  The red never seems to get really "red", but rather a really bright pink-red shade.  I used at least 8 of the colors in the past week, and have been really happy with all of them!  Highly recommend!  It is a great price for the variety that you get.  You only have to use a small amount of tint, so the set should last you a very long time.  This is a must have for any aspiring baker...and they work WAY better than food coloring!  Have fun!!

This was so easy to use. The mess was nonexistent and the color was even. The variety of colors was fantastic. Totally recommend this!

The colors came out very nice. The only issue I had was with "no taste" red. I had trouble getting to the dark red I wanted and had to use a lot of dye. Other than that the cake came out beautiful!

Perhaps I did not investigate thoroughly enough, but I purchased these colors under the impression that they would create rich true colors. Unfortunately, the red is pink, and the black is gray, just like every other food color I've tried before.

Love the colors, and find them easy to use. Don't need Kosher, but these were the only ones available at the time and I needed them quick.

I was very annoyed with these dyes.  In order to get bold colors I had to add a lot of dye and then the icing had a strange taste to it.  The copper is pink. The black is actually purple.  These were just not worth the hassle.

For some reason I thought it would be bigger, but the colours are great. So far I've used it with marshmallow fondant and just a tiny amount gave me great pastel colour.

happy with the colors....she has already used several colors. she is taking a wilton class this month. this was a gift

The colors are great and are true to form; however, mixing them into the wilton candy melts is HORRIBLE!  It hardens almost immediately and is very hard to get the right consistency afterwards.

It's amazing how you take purchasing Wilton products for granted until you go to a area where they are totally limited.

Those requests are allowed, all arrived intact, excellent shipping and high responsibility, I had no problem. dyes are highly recommended and they buy them and today I see that is so

This is #1 set of coloring to me you have so many color choice you can make from this set.I like because it is gel not liquid or powder.If you like to play with colors this is the set for you!

I know this may seem silly, but I thought I was buying powder/dry icing colors.  These are gels, and as such, contain all kinds of junk in addition to the coloring, including high fructose corn syrup, corn syrup, glycerine, and sugar.  Gels are preferable to liquid color because they don't dilute your icing or cause it to crack as badly, but powder/dry colors don't contain other ingredients so they don't spoil and aren't as bad for you!

These dyes are great. They arrived quickly. The different colors are very bright and vibrant and a little goes a long way. I highly recommend.

I needed more options for colors for baking and this was the perfect option! The colors look great and they work a lot better than just food coloring! I highly reccomend this for any kind of person that bakes!

This is the best food coloring out there imo,  wilton always supplies GREAT items and this color is no acception!

These icing colors are the best for creating the most vibrant colors. There is a good variety of colors in this kit, giving you endless combination options. The only downfall is that the actual size of each color is small. That said, however, a little color goes a long way. It only takes a small amount to create bright colors, so I have plenty leftover for the next time. Recommended!

I started using Wilton's dyes when I was thirteen, and a set lasted me until I was twenty-nine because they were so powerful.  Then I had to buy these awful new gels to replace them.  I can't get a brown darker than my skintone--and I'm Irish, okay?  I get sunburned indoors.  I had to put three quarters of a teaspoon in just to get a purple.  And it WILL water down your frosting.I'm utterly perplexed by all these positive reviews.  Did I get the dud package?  Does anybody know if I can get the old, thick paste dyes anywhere?

If you need a wild variety of colors for your baking or crafting needs, Wilton never disappoints! Great product from a great company.

A bit pricey, but a little goes a long way.  And the colors provided can be combined to make any color your little heart desires.  Cool if you're into cake decorating.

This is the perfect starter set for someone looking for a lot of colors!  I have used these over and over and still haven't tried some of the colors.  Great set!

THE COLORS ARE GREAT! IT DOESNT MENTION THAT THE RED THAT COMES IN THE BOX IS THE NON TASTE RED WHICH IS PERFECT... VERY USEFULL COLORS, AND THE STORAGE IS COOL... I RECOMMENDED

Estas pinturas son muy bonitas sin embargo la caja y los recipientes son muy peque&ntilde;os la imagen aparenta que el producto es mas grande sin enbargo cada potecito tienen apenas unos 2,5 cm de altura.

Granddaughter requested this item to go along with other decorating items.  I was amazed to see her using an iPad game where all kinds of fancy cakes, etc. could be made leaving much to child's tastes and imagination.  From a game on a iPad which she did so well with and stuck with long after my interest was lessened, she has progressed to the real thing.  I had a variety of cookies she and her daddy made for Christmas and brought to our home from several states away.  Yum Yum.  It is wonderful to see a 5 1/2 year old so excited about baking and a dad and mom who support her interest with hands-on guidance.

The cake colors were very nice, and they had vivid coloring. Makes a novice look like  pro. Would definitely recommend this product.

The colors are great!  Only a small amount of color is needed for the icing.  No mess; easy to use.

This is so much better than food coloring.  It only takes a very small amount to ad color to icing, cake batter, and cookie dough.  Some colors (especially red and black)when you are trying to get the deep rich color may leave a little after taste.  Try adding some alcohol based extracts (alcohol based extracts will not thin your icing like some artificial products will).  When trying to get the true black color, try starting with chocolate icing then ad the black color.  It requires less coloring thus less after taste.  These are the only 2 colors that I had a problem with after taste.  This product is great and I will continue to reorder this product.

Received the Set of 12 color icings which were well priced.  I have used one color in a butter cream frosting. It mixed well and created a lovely yellow frosting.  Mixing different colors can produce a palete of new tints for decorating. The 1/2 ounce containers should last a long time as little color is needed.

These are great gels but they dry out relatively quickly once opened. All of the colors I would ever need are there!

Please know what your eating, the color is made from coal tar. Your body is effected by petroleum products....... Do some research?My children go crazy on this stuff, adhd to the max!

I bought these colors because I needed a really rich red to make election cookies. I eventually got the red that I was looking for, but it took A LOT of dye. I used over a third of the little bottle. But I was happy with the colors. And I'm glad to have so many other dyes for my baking.The dye didn't affect the taste of the royal icing at all, and didn't stain anyone's mouth when they ate it - something I was concerned about because I used so much.Bonus: the red dye worked in a snap when I ran out of fake blood for my shark attack Halloween costume!

I love those colors. They're beautiful and they're easy to use! They don't change the consistency of your frosting or icing.

Was disappointed that when I received the package as the box was obviously damaged, quite squashed. When I opened it the red food gel had leaked through the box. It hadn't all leaked out thankfully, but had made quite a mess. But as for the actual product, I am quite happy with it and think it was great value for money opposed to buying it in Australia where I would have had to pay almost the same P & H to get it sent 500 km's as I did to get it sent from the US, let alone the actual product price.

i bought these for a bkaing class that i took and they all worked out well so when i bake at home we have more color in our cakes

There is no expiration date set on the package outside, what's more, some of the bottles were spilled during the transporation which made the package colorful inside!

i got this for  a present. it has a nice presentation. the quality of the product is impeccable. the colors are amazing. She told me with just one drop she got a bright color.

So much better than using grocery store food coloring. I love how it includes teal and black, those are very hard to find. A little coloring goes a long way so I would do one toothpick at a time to get the color you want.

This product is great and necessary for my mother to her business, the only thing is that we thought they would be bigger jajaja it was so funny when we opened the box and the container were really tiny, but it is an excellent product.

I've used these for several years now and swear by the colour intensity and reliability.  These are the smaller containers, but will last for a long time as you only need to use a little bit in your fondants and icings.  The colours do intensify over time so remember don't add too much.  Great product.

Some of them were dry. Some of them are too thick, they are not that able to use for. It is a pity.

excelent product, they are ver good quality, perfect for a very especial party, pastries, cookies, cupcakes, I loved it. super product. It is very good.

I bought this for candy melts without doing my homework I guess you could say. These are water based, so you cannot use them for chocolate and candy melt coloring. but you can use it for coloring sugar and icing =]

Very happy, fast postage. Item exactly as described will definately shop here again. nothing left to say. thanks thanks thanks aaaaa+

What a great variety of colors! They work so much better than liquid coloring. I highly recommend buying this and always having  fun colors to choose from.

I liked all the colors in the box. They were easy to use in the frosting and gave true colors without adding a bad taste to the frosting.

I love Wilton icing colors, and this kit is absolutely complete.  I make a lot of cakes and I haven't had to mix colors yet.

I have been familiar with Wilton colours and it is nice to have them 12 colours in one box. The result is always very satisfying. Plus my 5-year-old is always eager to help me in the kitchen when he sees I plan to work with them. J

I had no problems getting my colors to come out. I used a toothpick like someone suggested and it worked great.

Well i think wilton is the brand for baking stuff for default. Saying that, i don't know if they made a mistake or it is normal but i received 3 sets of this little boxes! yay me! :)

This is the best food coloring for dyeing wool! Just add vinegar and this is the perfect dye solution to use for 100% wool roving / batt / yarn. The colors are vivid and you can use your regular cooking gear because it is all food grade and non toxic - Great results and great to work with kids. A little goes a long way.

I've taken to making cupcakes and cookies and making icing letters on them...  you know, an "H" on one cookie, "A" on another, and so forth, and arrange the cookies or cupcakes to spell out HAPPY BIRTHDAY or whatever the occasion might be.  I prefer bold, rich colors, like jewel tone colors, so these gel colors fit the bill to get the bold color without watering down my icing.  Only takes a few toothpicks of color to get what I'm looking for, so each 1/2 ounce color is going to go a long way.  A good buy, all around.  I will never go back to regular liquid food coloring!Also, I know others have stated this but I'll say it again, the black color is good but you have to start with a chocolate icing, not a white icing.**Update** I found another use for these Wilton colors by making colored sugar.  I've used it with granulated sugar and with sparkling sugar (bigger crystals) and it works great either way, but the sparkling sugar is more, well, "sparkly" which I like since I use the colored sugar to decorate cakes and cookies with.  Put the sugar into a Ziploc bag, take the tip of a butter knife to get some color on it, then wipe the color off the knife on the inside of the bag. (Does that make sense?)  Zip up the bag, then mash the sugar around with the color until evenly distributed.  The color will come off the side of the plastic bag just fine and blend in with the sugar.  Then spread the sugar out on a plate or a sheet of foil to dry for a few hours.  Voila!

I often cater for parties or events and every once in awhile I get someone who just has to have an off color. Trying to recreate these colors without buying a ton of different food colors is really hard, however this has such a strong color that you only need a little. I will admit that it takes some getting use to as you can't double dip and because the colors are so potent it can be a little hard to create certain colors. There is a colormap on the back that will help you to create all kinds of colors, so you don't have to waste time trying to figure it out yourself. The only word of caution I would give as usual is that the purple and black dye are horrid! If you are a baker, you already know this, but if you're new to the baking game, you will thank me for that tip later.

I can't tell if these are paste or gel.  All I can seem to find lately is the gel and I want the paste.  The picture here is too small for me to read the details.  Any help would be great thank you

Wilton is very good in everithing they make. You can buy it, and use it with the best colors. Try it.

Hi,  I didn't go through all 76 responses, so hope this isn't redundant.  My concern is that I don't bake a lot and wonder how the shelf life of this product compares to the traditional liquid colors.  The liquid ones seem to last forever.  Don't want to invest in this if it will go bad somewhat quickly.  Can someone please reply?

This does exactly what it is supposed to do! It colors the batters and icings, without leaving a funny taste in your mouth afterwards! Not to mention, a little goes a LOOOOOOOOONG way. Follow the instructions on the packaging, or you'll end up with runny icing :) Good Luck!

I love the colours they were brilliant and you just need a little to get a lot!I would by all means recommend this product to all consumers its a great buy and will last a long time, since you just need a little to colour the fondant.I am happy with this purchase !!

This is a wonderful set for any baker.  Easy to use with beautiful color choices.

wish they had more of the rare colors like copper but all in all poerfect set thank you very very much they are great!!

Colors great. Cool invention I hope someday they invent natural vivid ones.  This is to take up space. Love me.

Although I had to return the package because on of the interior containers leaked I can tell you the color quality is well worth waiting for the replacment

I have played around with this and made alot of different colors and shades. Although the only color I had problems with was black, I could not reach the true black color I got purple. Other than that I think all the colors are easy to use and you dont need alot to reach the shade your looking for. If some gets on your counter, it might stain but I used windex with ammonia in it and it came right up. The black did stain my plastic bowl purple but other than that this is a great product.

I make a lot of gummie bears and candy and this product is so nice... you truly only need a little like the tip of a toothpick for everything. I had read some of the reviews prior to buying and totally agree that there is no need to pull back the foil after opening. Just poke the foil with a toothpick and use it that way. It works and gives you the right amount for anything and everything even if you want a more vibrant color. Great product

Love this. Using Americolor, Wilton or Chef's Choice. All excellent colors!

The colors have a high pigment, and coloring the icing and marzipan is great. Now I can bake lots of cakes.

Just the right amount if you're baking for a hobby. Fantastic assortment of colors!The colors last very long which is great!! Loving these so far..

Just finished with Cake decorating class and had a great time working with all the great colors in this collection.  Much cheaper than buying them separately.  Just a little on a toothpick makes beautiful shades of frosting..

Product is pretty thick, which made it easier to choose how much I wanted in my fondant.  A very little goes a LONG way! Also a good variety of colors.  lol DOES Stain, watch the kiddos around it.  Over all, very pleased.

We always buy Kosher when we can, and since we actually found icing that is Kosher, we were both surprised and happy. Thanks to Amazon it was on our door fast.

The colours are great, can't wait to order other colours. This batch is going down so fast to tell how often I use it

I thought I'd share the ingredient list and allergy information for those who are looking for it.  The box I just received from Amazon says that these are made in the USA, and the ingredients are:watercorn syrupglycerinehigh fructose corn syrupsugarsorbitolfood starch - modified (corn)FD&C; Yellow #5FD&C; Red #3FD&C; Blue #1FD&C; Yellow #6FD&C; Red #40FD&C; Blue #2sodium benzoate and potassium sorbate (as preservatives)agar gumcarrageenansaltcitric acidMade in a facility that also processes tree nuts, egg and soy products.

I bought this as a gift.  She seems to love it.  It is just icing colors, so I don't have much to say as I did not use!Shipped quickly and good service!

I bought this based on several recommendations I had read on melt and pour soap sites. I'll say this for it, when it comes to coloring my soaps I've not been able to figure out WHAT color I will end up getting. I've had soaps start purple and end up dark green. I know this is a function of the interaction with the various fragrance oils and essential oils I use, something I wasn't really expecting to happen so frequently, particularly with purples, pinks, and blues. Some of the colors do stay true-- turquoise, green, yellows and orange. All this said, the item does say FOOD coloring, not SOAP coloring.I've also used this in both cream cheese frosting and regular decorative frosting and the colors are amazingly vibrant with only a small amount of colorant. I cannot taste any discernible difference in the frosting with the colorant. It will stain just about everything it touches-- my ceramic (formerly) white sink, hands, fingernails, and dish towels, to name a few. I wouldn't turn children loose with it without childproofing your kitchen first.

My wife & I have 4 children so it gets pricey to have their cakes made & decorated.  Thankfully my wife can do it with the correct tools/colors.  Thanks amazon

As an experienced baker for decades, I have used gel, paste, liquid, and powder artificial colorings.  For the best control, I prefer the gels and powders.  Whether doing royal, butter cream, color flow, fondant, or marzipan, the gel gives me an immediate, true color.  I have been a Wilton customer for 30 years and will not use another brand.Tips:  When opening each little jar, DO NOT fully remove the foil cover over the product.  Insert a wooden tooth pick to open a small hole.  Unless you are making a large quantity of icing, you won't need to widen it and remove more than what is on your toothpick each time you pull out some color on it.Store the jars with the lids secured and in an upright position.I found another use for these colors recently.  I used wood putty to repair a decorative shelf made of fiberglass.  Using two shades of Wilton colors, I was able to re-produce the colors I needed.  Anything that needs color and is sealed with a protective coating and does not get much wear will probably be just fine.

Does not make icing runny.  Also works great for dying batter to make rainbow or tie dye colored cupcakes/cakes.  VERY bright color I was super pleased.

Wilton icing colors are great for cake decorating as they do not cause runny icing, but give great colors.  This selection of colors is perfect for occasional decorating projects.

Great item, brilliant bright beautiful colors. Requires only a very tiny amount. Doesn't dilute the batter at all. Good for both icing and batters. Will order again since I cant seem to find the full set in my country.

It is smaller  than my visualize&#65292;but a little can do lots works.I love wilton products.It's works well in Royal Icing and Macaron.

Check the picture I've submitted to see the kind of color that just a little of the dye give you. There's a good mix of color choice here, everything from black to light flesh tone to violet. I've only made one cake with it so far but I only needed a little for spectacular results. I'll get a lot of use out of the amount provided, and when I'm done I will be coming back to this brand for more. There is a huge difference between this and normal liquid food dye that most of us grew up with!--Updated April 2011--The same jars have been in use for ages now and still continue to impress me. Just last week I used them to color some home made play dough with fantastic results-- I expected that there would be an issue with the dye coming off on little hands during playtime, but we were careful to mix the dye in with the dough and haven't had any issues. I highly recommend this set whenever someone I know is looking to do something involving food dye.

It's ok, but you need more than I expected to get a deep colour. specially Black is very difficult to use.

I love these colors, my only complaint is that I wish they were powder because adding gel to stuff can change the consistency but it also allows me to get a deeper color. I made a rainbow cake with these and it turned out great. Careful where u spit it though because it DOES stain!

This food coloring works great. It's the paste kind,  which really does color better, more vibrantly and wastes less than any other kind. Also, it comes with an extensive color palette, which inspires you to do better cake decorating (I think.)  Strangely enough, it even  comes with brown and black.  Also, this works for more than just icing. I'm an arts and crafts director at a summer camp, and we use this stuff to tine salt dough,  dye paper... you name it.

THese are great.  A little goes a long long way.  The colors don't add a funny taste like so many food colors do.  These will stain things like clothes, hands, countertops, tableclothes, etc. so be careful!

the Gel colors are great to use. Blends well with fondant, cake mix and icing. Will not water down your mixture as the liquid food coloring might. I use this for all my food coloring needs. And the price cant be beat!This is a must have in everyone's kitchen.

nice set of gel colors. glad i made the purchase. i got tired of keep having to buy the liquid food colors. seemed like i wasted more money using them compared to these. glad i made the switch.

I am disappointed in the black food color. I needed black to do some outlining for a cake and I used almost a 1/2 oz. just to color  less than a cup of icing.  The darkest I could get was a very dark gray.  I thought maybe letting it sit overnight would help it darken but it never did. I will look for another brand for the darker colors.

I bought the Wilton Icing Colors set of 12 and love them.  I can achieve exactly the colors I want.  The color can either be bright and vibrant or light and pastel like.  The copper color is great for skin tone.They are great for use with fondant or butter cream.

The colors worked very good but when mine came in the mail 2 of them spilled out a little bit.

I love this stuff, so much better than gel coloring.  The colors are extremely bright, very easy to mix and it doesn't ruin the consistency of the icing.

Having many colors are fun but 12 colors were too many to me. Basically if you have three primary colors + black, that's bascially enough.

don't need to use alot to get a good color. I would buy this product again if I ever run out.

Wow now these are intense color.  One tiny drop and it's very vibrant!  I had to use a toothpick on some things since I was coloring a small amount and it would have been way too dark.

I used a *whole vial* of red on a batch of frosting and it still came out Salmon. I looked up the issue and learned that all whipped frosting will never be anything but pastel. ...not good for a Star Wars &#34;Dark Side&#34; cupcake. So, without red left and the frosting gone, I completely revamped into a glaze. I'll chock the loss up to naivete, but it was a huge waste of color.I suggest looking up what works on what types of frosting before coloring it.

very good color assortment has twelve colors, works great, a little goes a long way so use sparingly. the set of twelve is a much better deal.

