I bought this product at local drug store... It is a disappointment...Cheap and does not cover my under eye circle or any other spot. It is so dry... very difficult to blend with skin...

I got he right color and can just use it when im in a hurry instead of doing the full process my make up routine.

It's okay however it's very light coverage, so if your looking for medium or full coverage look elsewhere. They don't give very much product, I've had mine for a month and it's almost gone. I only do my makeup 2-3 times a week, so it's a good product if you don't plan on using it very often.

SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!! i put it on and it definitely wasn't medium beige! it wouldnt blend in at all on my dark circles so i tried putting it all over my face to even in out and i ended looking up like someone who rubbed a bunch of powder or flour on their face! I do not recommend this product at all! DO NOT GET IT!!!!

I can't find this in the stores.  My skin is so fair, I use white for conceler and highlights.  This is perfect

This is not doing the job I thought it would.  Should an emergency occur I may try it again, but to date it has fallen below my expectations.It is hard to apply to the actual area where it is needed and seems only to want to cover (and stick to) unblemished skin... which is kind of useless.

This product met my needs for Upper Lip shadow. I found it to be non oily, easy to smooth over skin and light on skin. You will need to use a press power for your skin tone after applying the concealer. Very please with the results.

Works great under my foundation to cover up my blemishes. It's also amusing to see my husband try to decipher why I have green lip stick.

I'm in my 50's and have an olive skin complexion which is quite light now since I spend so much more time indoors than when I was much younger. Trying to find something not too light or too dark, I'm very happy this cover stick works very well for my needs.

When I opened the package the coverstick was half melted and broken.  I love this product it is my absolute favorite conceiler, but I am not sure it is sturdy enough to handle shipping.  I threw mine away and bought another at a local drugstore.

I am very pale and the white helps me cover up blemishes.  I use a foundation over it. I use only a dot of it at a time.

This was too light for my complexion so i just use it as a dark spot corrector and highlighter and put a bit of fountain on after. It blends well but I would've got a darker shade if I knew

I picked up this concealer to cover up acne, blemishes, pimples, the works.  I was trying to decided between this one and the light one but decided to go with this one as the green is supposed to cancel out the redness.  This stick concealer is near impossible to blend to a nice finish and it leaves a sticky and waxy residue on your skin. As to no surprise, the packaging is just as flawed as the product itself.  Within a week of using this product the concealer stuck to the top of the tube and I couldn't get it out.  Ick!

i like it allot! it goes on easy and smudges in real good :) i should have found it earleir.

Great purchase! Heard lots about this product and its definitely lived up to its reputation! :) So glad I bought! Also got in green-will buy both again!

I have tried lots of cover/concealer products, some costing 20x (seriously) more.  I keep coming back to Maybelline cover sticks because they really cover and coneal without settling into wrinkles.

I'm always a little bit skeptical on cutting costs to buy drugstore brands, but this is actually nice quality. It goes on nice and creamy, blends out wonderfully, and is actually full-coverage.

I wanted to be blown away by this concealer, but sadly I wasn't; don't get me wrong this concealer is good, I gave it 3 stars because first and foremost it's real sticky creamy consistency, after I applied it, it kept this wet sticky texture, I like the ones that don't stay wet like and sticky, plus it made me have a few pimples,  if your looking for a concealer that stays kinda damp then you will love this one, because all of us girls like different things, and one thing may work perfect for one of us may not work at all for someone else, ya know!

I have been using this product for years. It covers under eyes and makes your eyes look a lot bigger.  It also is great for covering up little imperfections on your face. I could not live without it.....

Works really well to cover up any spots or dark circles on your skin. I'm really happy with the purchase for the price. :)

color is no what I ordered, and the stick is not stable, it was almost broken the first time I tried it. not recomended

It is mostly waterproof and super long lasting, which I love. Great for scars (mine are acne scars) and blemishes. It is super thick though, which is a plus for me, but others should know that blending is a must. Dust some powder over top to set it, and you're good to go!

This is the ONLY concealer I have used over the last 21 years. I try other brands once in a while to change it up -- but I always end up back on this one after a few days.

I suffer from under black circles under my eyes...badly. This help so much! I cannot go a day without it. Even when I don't put on makeup, I still use the concealer under the eyes to help. Goes on smoothly and I rub in with just my finger. Just use a thin layer and only one layer needed. I also use this on the occasional pimple to help even the color.

This is by far my favorite cover up.  Dab on and magically it covers what needs to be covered.  Perfect.

This concealer does it's job, it's natural, it helps with redness in the face, and the whole under eye area. I think it's better using it with a primer, because it can be a little dry. Other than that I think it's cheap and great!

This really does cover under eye circles and redness but a little goes a long way. Since it's a thick cream stick you should mix in some moisture cream on your hand and smooth it on sparingly. Too much will look cakey and get into wrinkles. Just a very thin layer is best.

I use this to cover up my red marks left after minor breakouts.  It really does make it possible to cover up the red marks.  I have very pale skin, and this green stick works great.  Awesome product!

I really like this green cover stick because it neutralizes redness or dark areas really well, yet once rubbed into skin, does not look green.  I moisturize first, then apply the cover stick and blend it in, before applying foundation.  It makes my skin look nearly flawles and brightens the areas I want to brighten.

I have been using this brand for over 10 years now and consider it a necessary part of my makeup routine. I use it for highlighting my nose bridge, under my eyes to even out the skin color, and around my lips as a base to set liner. I blend it in with a colored liquid foundation and it blends well. The stick holds up for months and months - I usually go through 1 a year.

Love this product. Using for several years.

This product is great. I've been using it since I was 16, I am now 28 and it is the only drug store product I've held on to after all these years. I use this on top of a peach Bobbi Brown corrector and it works like a charm for my under eyes.

Its kinda cakey under my foundation and doesn't blend well... its water proof to a point. i am not a fan. i gave it to my mom. she likes it.

Love this brand's coverage in general, it's a good product, but mine came broken inside of the tube. Was kind of disappointed, but still using it anyways.

This is an excellent concealer - ridiculously affordable, and very effective for dark circles, and lessening the redness of blemishes!  I use it underneath a light foundation, or, often on days when I wear little makeup I will use it to touch up a bit so that I am presentable to go out in public.  Long lasting!  It wears well on my combination skin - blending well on the dry areas, and quite durable on the more oil regions of my face.  Couldn't find this in the store anymore, so I was thrilled to find it on line.  This little tube will last me a long time!

I have tried many but this cover stick seems to be the only one that truly covers blemishes and other imperfections to my liking...

Better than the other colors I've tried; this one comes much closer to the color of my skin...the &#34;fair&#34; colors were almost ashenwhite.  I am fair-skinned - but not near white!  IMO, I don't think you can actually &#34;match&#34; your skin color exactly with any of these sticks.

this is my second time getting this i use it on my problem areas before i put on my foundation then i put on a different concealer afterwards, very close to my skin tone it is a bit to dark but once i blend it it looks fine. if you have dry skin this will accentuate that area. i used this when i had no primer and when i did have primer. i would say use primer, it will go on smoother and be easier to blend, with out it it did kind of look chalky. if you leave this in the heat it will break! happened to me with both of mine because my bathroom heater is on 24/7.

I have bad purple circles under my eyes since giving birth. This product has helped tremendously and is so easy to use and bring with me wherever I go. Will definitely buy again.

Wife really likes these and was happy to find them on Amazon because there was a small savings on something she used regularly.  Unfortunately it seemed like some of the sticks had been exposed to very high heat in shipping or storage.  The sticks were melted over in the top of the clear case and was pretty much unsalvageable.  We would have shipped it back but the price was low and we didn't have the chance or make the time to process the return.

The person Whom I purchased this for loves itShe asked me to relay this message too youI SIMPLY LOVE IT.

It is very hard to blend in to your skin.  I have to add moisturizer to it in order to blend it in.  Will not buy again.

This is best used if you have normal skin or even kinda oily. With dry skin, it just kinda sits there and doesn't blend very well. Moisturize/Use a primer beforehand.

I purchased this concealer because it was affordable and I knew yellow would be good at hiding the blue tone under my eyes and on my lids. This worked perfect for that. Not so great for spot correcting because it looks clumpy but you should have a separate concealer for that anyway.

I usually get Max Factor and tried this.  Product similar butnot as creamy

Ok, a green concealer is supposed to help hide red spots, right? So, doesn't work. I used just a tiny little bit and my skin was green as Hulk. I never had a problem if any Maybelline product, so it's a surprise that this doesn't work at all. A shame.

This works great but you need to practice. I found you need to use a good moisturizer first, use a very light touch and blend. I have also rubbed some onto the palm of my hand then added moisturizer to it and mixed it then put it on the red areas. This tube will last forever as little as it takes to do the job. I cannot emphasize the blending part enough, the area will look a bit lighter than untreated areas, I use a good mineral foundation to set it and you can't see my rosacea.

I love this product. Have used this for years. Thank you Maybelline. And yes, I have used Maybelline for years.

Item description said it is &#34;deep beige&#34; but it is actually a very, very light beige, so it is totally useless to me.  The price was low, so not worth the effort to return it, so into the trash -- no wait, I will keep it to use as a touch up stick for my white car.

I really don't know what else to say.  Dab it on, even it out.  It seems to work pretty well.

I like to use this under my eyes (to make them brighter), down the tip of my nose (to make my nose thinner looking...then use bronzer down each side - blend well), and around the creases of my mouth (keeps my lip liner/lipstick from spreading like the joker :)

The light beige shade works perfectly for me! I am so happy with this product and it will be my new #1 go to.

I have cystic acne and acne scars. I saw videos on youtube of green concealer covering up acne. So I came to amazon to find some. I love Maybelline so decided to give it a try. I remember once I got the hang of the whole makeup thing (I was a total rookie :p) I felt so freaking beautiful, which I rarely ever do. The only bad thing I have to say about this is that once I add my foundation to cover it, it gets kind of cakey and looks dry. But other than that it's worth a try.

I buy this item often. It is one of my subscribe and save items. Works Great.  Too bad I DIDNT RECIEVE IT!!!  Im not happy at all.

so, yea, there was a learning curve. Now that I have it figured out, I love it. At first I wasn't certain if I hated it, or barely tolerated it.I dab it on my fingertip, then lightly dab it over the annoying redness that plagues my face. I follow-up with BB cream, and on top of that I gently (with a clean fingertip) apply the Light Beige cover stick in all the right places. The green helps to cancel out the redness, and the other cover stick is my 'last line' of defense. I lightly go over it all with the foundation brush to make sure everything looks as natural as possible, and voila, I no longer have a face that screams &#34;medical condition&#34;. (Maybe TMI, IDK, but at least it isn't offensive TMI)

Yeah is good. . +no the best but is ok ... l have a really dark circles under my eyes so ... is ok

I loved it. I looked at more expensive roller sticks that use foundation, but decided to try out this one. I am Asian and the color of the stick is perfect for brightening my eye bags.

I have had one tube of this for a couple of years now and JUST ran out. I am feeling very yucky without it.I only gave it 4 stars because the consistency could be a SMIDGE more creamy, but it has decent staying power.For those who say that it doesn't cover the dark circles under the eyes, you will need to 1st use a concealer that is a shade lighter than your face's skin color first (or closer to a salmon color) and then lightly add this to the top. Watch some videos on YouTube about 'highlighting' and you will find that this color is perfect for those highlighting areas on top of your base/ foundation and normal concealer.Maybe there are better versions of this in the 'fancier' brands, but I am returning to buy this one because I know it works and takes off 10 years when used under my eyes.

Tried it light, tried to spread it well, tried to cover it with foundation.  My nose is still red.  I am a Rudolf this Christmas (and every Christmas before that)

I'm no expert at beauty, so this is just one regular user's experience. However, I put it on and it stayed green, which had me worried. I blended it, and could see the blemish (red) peeking through, while the green remained stubbornly green. Given that it's a stick of concealer, it's a little insulting to think I did it wrong. Nevertheless, I removed it and tried again. Same result.So I went ahead and did my usual powder foundation/settling veil powder routine, and lo and behold - I could still see the blemish AND the green through my makeup.I'm not really sure what's going on. Perhaps I'm using the wrong color concealer? Either way, it really didn't behave or perform the way I expected or hoped it would. Good thing it was cheap because it has been sitting, unused in a drawer since day 1.

I purchased this product to conceal redness. Unfortunately, it cakes so much that it can't be blended. On any area where there is not a spot of redness, this product actually makes you look green. Just try to blend it -- if you can imagine trying to budge a layer of crayon mixed with cake frosting smoothly over your skin. Not happening. Also, the scent is a bit unattractive, almost like some kind of clay. Not for me.

I like the fact I can order it on line. I've used this under my eyes and brows as a highlighter, not concealer.

I've researched and tried a ton of BB creams, under eye concealers, under eye creams, primers, foundations, etc. trying to cover the slight dark circles (that I have had for about a year since having a child and turning 40) and the more pronounced dark mark under each eye that is a combination of thin skin, freckles and who knows what that I've had since I was a kid.  Based on some good reviews and the price, I figured I'd try this but really had no expectations...if expensive stuff can't do it, how could a store brand?  Well, it's amazing.  Truly.  You can't tell I even have make up on.  One quick swipe, a few pats and viola! It doesn't settle in creases or wrinkles, it doesn't cake up, it doesn't look yellow at all, and it doesn't really do anything except blend immediately and make my eyes look healthy, awake, and dare I say it, YOUNGER.  I've used it alone, with liquid foundation, and with mineral powder foundation - all good.  I couldn't be happier!

The description is misleading if you were expecting something like the Mary Kay type of yellow concealer.  This is actually a light beige.  It does not cover well and, in fact, tends to accentuate any lines around or circles under the eyes.  My advice would be to spend a small amount more and go with L'Oreal's True Match concealer, which does a much better job.

I like the coverage this offers. It does a good job hiding my dark eye circles and dark sun spot damage. I wear it under my foundation. I just wish it wouldn't crease on my eye lids. A little extra powder helps to minimize this issue.

This is getting to be a hard to find product in stores, but a must have for me.  Works great covering up under eye imperfections on my fair skin.

I have a very dry and medium olive toned skin and this was not for me. It was too light and was not creamy. It didn't look right at all. It broke apart after 2 days. Thankfully it didn't cost much. It is really pigmented, though. I'm sure it works well on more lighter skin tones and you should moisturize under the eye area before you put it on but I'm a very dry person so it just didn't work out for me.

This product is wonderful. It isn't difficult to apply, it goes on very smoothly. It also covers really well. I would recommend this product for dark circles under the eyes. This is why I purchased it, and it works great.

This cover stick is very useful to set the makeup, but does not completely cover blemishes, imperfections understand that it takes another kind and color of concealer according to the problem, but are very good products Maybelline

I had been usingSheer Cover SHEERCOVER duo concealer LIGHT/MEDIUM 3gthat was gifted to me but when I ran out a couple of months ago, and didn't want to shell a load of money, I decided to try OTC versions.Overall, this version provides 'okay' coverage but it's not as dark as I'd consider 'Medium Beige'. It's more like Fair or light Beige. The product is creamy and blends well enough and it lasted for most of the day but I do have dry spots and it could end up looking flaky. I use a mineral or loose power over my foundation and concealed spots but it was a nightmare on any delicate areas where my fine lines exist, such as around the eyes, mouth, nose and even the chin area, made for a scary end result when using loose or mineral powder over it. In other words, the lines become more prominent and it looked really caky, especially under my eyes to cover the circles. It was obvious I was wearing concealer no matter where I was using it. It did best on the smoother planes of my face, just not in the spots I needed the coverage.The lipstick tube shape makes for an easy application and control, but that's all I really liked about it. Waterproof? Meh. For the price and results, I wasn't impressed and will throw out this one and try something new.

I have dark circles under my eyes and I used to need a lot of concealer to cover them up but with this I only need a little bit and it does not rub off throughout the day like other products that I've used.

This doesn't blend into the skin well and it don't seem to cover my redness any better than a regular concealer. If you use too much it also leaves a green hue to your face so you have to be very careful. I wouldn't recommend for large areas.

The product is good, it is not that sticky but it is A bit lighter than it is but not bad at all.

Ok so I usually find it more helpful and effective to buy a lighter concealer then your skin toneso it might just be me.I purchased this in a sticky situation for a quick fix and didn't spend much time thinking about it I applied it to my under eye because I have horrible dark circles it did NOT go on smoothly and when i tried to blend it the consistency was chalky  and once i did blend it my under eye looked like casper the friendly ghost.................not attractiveanyway to look publicly acceptable I had to top it with a foundationdefinitely not buying this product again

I've used this particular brand for years and have tried others but maybelline holds #1 in my book. I'll never use anything else, everything I've tried is never even close to working as well as this concealer.

I use it for the red spots and acne on my face and it seems to help. It is cheap and works so I'm happy with the buy.

I've looked... and looked.. and looked for a concealor that stays and blends.  I can wear this stuff all day long at work, then workout hard at the gym and it's still right where I put it.  I don't even have to touch it up.  As for the color, I'm pretty fair skinned, but I needed to buy the deep beige so that I didn't have a pale ring around my eyes. :)  Finally found the right product for me!

I have used Maybelline's cover sticks for years, so when they changed the names of their shades, I didn't think much of it and bought the lightest option as always (now called "fair"). It's AWFUL. Way too dark. It's actually darker than the shade that's supposed to be one darker! I've even checked other stores to make sure I hadn't just encountered a mis-marked batch, but Light 2 has been lighter than Light 1 everywhere I've looked. Very disappointing. I'm using Light 2 now, but it's still not as good as whatever their lightest used to be. I do like their Dream Matte Mousse concealers, but the appeal of their cover sticks has always been that I don't get nearly as much of the product all over my hands. Here's hoping they go back to whatever they were doing before.

my daughter got this for her birthday. she seems to like it.  it probably has chemicals in it but it goes on smooth

If you roll the stick up any height at all the stick breaks. Happened to me on two separate items

Unless you have very fair skin, this concealer is to light for Asian color skin. It doesn't blend very well with your foundation and looks caky on your face.

This is a wonderful concealer!! It really does the job of covering all those imperfections and lasts a long time too!!

perfect for covering dark circles.couldn't find in stores.would buy again.the tip did break off the first time i used it.

Well when I received it I open the top and it was broke in half. It gives an okay coverage thought.

This stick is very creamy and covers well.  At Amazon's price, you can't beat the value.  Highly recommended....and so much more economical than competitive offerings!

I have red cheeks for some odd reason & my dermatologist said I could remedy that for $5000! Shucks, what a deal ... I bought this & my red cheeks are gone!

I cannot find this white color that I have been using for over twenty years, in my small town. I was so happy to be able to order here and get a fair price. I ordered 3 just in case they stop making it. One tube last a very long time. I like the quality and how it does its job helping to white out problem areas under my eyes and dark spots on my face. It is easy to blend in so I don't look like a raccoon.

My Maybelline Coverstick Corrector/Concealer arrived early and in good condition.  It is a product I have used before and I am very satisfied with it.

I wont get enough of this!this concealer Works so well for me, it has the right ammount of coverage that I want (I must say is a m&eacute;dium coverage) and doesnt melt in this high humid and hot whether where I live (North coast of Colombia)I highly recommend this.. but the only thing is that if you have dry skin, you might want to apply some moisturizing before using it.

There aren't many white concealers out there and since I have such fair skin, it's the only color I choose to use! This stick is very easy to apply, stays on all day and does its job well of concealing blemishes and even the dark circles under your eyes. I apply it after I've used a moisturizer and before I set my powder foundation. I honestly wouldn't choose any other concealer!

I would say this product is good..it is okay. Not the best. Does the coverage part but gets a bit flacky in my opinion.

I love love love it!  I had been looking for something to cover up the dark place under my eye and this is it!

This product has always worked great for me but has become very difficult to find in local retail stores.  It works great and I now can get it mailed direct to my home.

It's suppose to fix the redness spots but it's quite the red and leaves a green area, even if you put a skin color above it appears. I try covering the green with everything but doesn't work. Maybe a don't know exactly how to use but for me and my skin doesn't works.And the tube got stuck in the top always.

My wife likes the color and texture. It was a gift requested directly by her. No complains about the product.

I bought this product in green before trying the yellow tone. For some reason the yellow does not blend as well as the green for my skin, but using lotion or primer before applying the corrector seems to help. Not fantastic quality but worth the price.

I have used them all - expensive down to the least and I still come back to my simple to apply and stays on Maybelline.  Great product for the money.

So i was pretty excited that i got this in the mail, but seriously.....i think its just the color of mine, i don't know, not good cover stick... Received it sticking to the top...so basically it was broken when i opened it because of the air mail looks very pasty...very white i shall say...im never buying this product ever..

Ordered this because I often have red around my nose. It's way to green, like obviously green and it doesn't seem to matter how little you use or rub in, it is still green.

Almost a year ago, a plastic surgeon removed a couple moles from my face which left two small, thin red scars for about six or seven months until they faded to a white line. One scar was right in the front center of my cheek so I was a little self-conscious about it. I wanted a concealer, so I purchased a liquid, a cream, and this cover stick all at the same time. Of the three products, this worked best.  I broke a piece of it off and placed it in a small container and used the tip of my finger to apply a small bit. I usually dabbed several tiny layers on, blending a bit after each one. It was thick enough to stay put most of the day. The other two types of concealers were too thin and absorbed into my skin rather than hide the imperfection. The Maybelline cover stick has a thick consistency which worked to conceal the scars. My skin is on the fair side, but I bought the medium beige color and it worked well. I sometimes use it now to cover a rare blemish (I'm in my 50s but still get the occasional pimple).

I've used Max Factor white cover stick for years to sculpt and highlight around my eyes and cheekbones but unfortunately, is no longer available in stores.  I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try.  It's really nice!  It is a lighter, sheerer formula than the Max Factor which is great for hot, summer days, especially.  It is a staple in my make up kit.

IT STARTS TO RUN AFTER A FEW HOURS. HAVE TO REAPPLY. IF NOT RIGHT ON TOP OF IT, IT CLUMPS UP IN CORNER OF THE EYE. SINCE IT DIDN'T COST MUCH, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. I FOUND ANOTHER PRODUCT THAT COST MUCH MORE, BUT DOESN'T RUN OR CLUMP UP.

I have a lot of redness on my face, so I thought I would try this concealer.  It is so hard and dry that you pull your skin applying it, especially around the tender eye area.  It needs to be a bit creamer to be able to spread.  Maybe I got an old one??  Anyway, won't bother to buy this again.

I miss Max Factor white Erase - the best.  But this is an okay substitute.  Important to me is waterproof factor.  Covers well but stick is not very thick and it breaks off rather easily.  Price is  reasonable.

Excellent cover, I am very happu with this product, it covers perfectly and lasts for almost all day! I will wait again!

Works, I am 48 and have always had dark circles under the eye.  This has worked better than anything else I've tried.  Don't put on too thick though or it gets creasy late in the day.

I saw this on sale at the store ($1 in store coupon; regular price was $3.50) and bought it. I used to buy Physicians Formula's green cover stick, but I've been on a "no parabens" kick lately. The ingredients list for this Maybelline version here has parabens, but the box didn't list any at the store. New formula perhaps? Anyway, this doesn't completely fix blemishes or post-acne marks, but it helps neutralize the redness or darkness. And it's relatively cheap and supposedly non-comedogenic.

Ah, it's okay.  Nothing to write home about.  Really miss the Max Factor line of products from eye concealer to mascara, etc.

I have been using this product for the past 10 years. I've tried a lot of concealers, but this is still my favorite for bluish undereye circles. It can be easily applied in the stick form, but I find it also works well with a detail concealer brush. it lasts remarkably well throughout the day when you add a little loose powder on top. I then sometimes layer it with a concealer that is more true to my skin tone (i.e. less yellow) and it gives me the look I want. I would recommend this only for use with bluish discoloration, and it works well with very fair skin tones. One stick usually lasts me 6 months - 1 year as I use a brush to get all the product out. Never dries out, never breaks (although the cap may superficially crack).

I have very fair, translucent skin and have always had issues with dark circles under my eyes.  I've used every concealer out there, but most only further exaggerate the dark circles and worsen the appearance of bags.  The good thing about this concealer is that it's extremely affordable and the yellow really does help neutralize the appearance of blue and purple veins under the eyes.  The bad news is that it appears cakey when applied under powdered mineral makeup, giving a chalk-like appearance.  This occurs even when the concealer is applied VERY lightly.  If you use a liquid makeup, this will probably not be an issue.  With other forms of makeup, it might not blend as well as you would like.  I still find it does a better job than the other concealers, so I still use a small amount of this and take some considerable time blending it with my foundation.

Covers and hides redness from acne very well.  Less is more when applying this product.  Would recommend this to anyone looking to hide redness for a flawless makeup look.

My wife was having a hard time finding this locally, so told her I could get it fast on Amazon and I did. Now she's happy and when she's happy, I'm happy!

Ok but am not using it.  Doesn't seem to cover the scar on my face like I thought it would.  Possibly my skin is to fair for it.  Just not satisfied.

this is too pigmented. it corrects the redness well, and i top it with yellow concealor, but the GREEN SHOWS THROUGH. it looks alien-ish.

At first you think it will feel heavy, but it doesn't.  I wear this over BB cream every day and it works wonders.  It is not full coverage, but not bad for a drug store product.  I get mine at stop and shop.

This stuff is amazing. It doesn't work as a replacement for a regular concealer (I think why a lot of people didn't like it). I use it after I put on my primer, before I put on foundation. Then I use a normal concealer over it. I have a lot of acne and I was belly-aching to my friend about it the other day and she was like &#34;But... I've never seen a spot of acne on your face.&#34; Well this is my secret. I think it works especially well for very pale skin, like mine, where redness is really noticeable.

Little too orangy for my skin tone, but rubbing it in, you can hardly notice! Great product for semi-medium tan skin

Doesn't stay all day.. It's OK, but definitely not the best. Will not purchase again.I prefer physicians formula or cover girl.

I have broken blood vessels under my eyes and this covers it up great. I put a little foundation over that to match my skin a little better.Perfect mix to help to portray younger, fresher eyes.

Im a WOC and I always wanted a yellow concealer for my under eye circles and I read the reviews and bought this one. The concealer by itself is really good quality, creamy texture, long stay,, good coverage plus in a convenient stick so u can just point n put. But honestly I gave it a number of tries and it just looked too pale on me, as in, less yellow more cream-white so it would show through even after blending and blending with my colour foundation. DOES NOT look good on me at all. I guess I'll have to find a proper yellow one in my country local brands, which cater to our skin colours. But that said, its a good product. I still use it for spot concealing.

I have very rosy and pulpy cheeks that I'm not a fan of. So I use this concealer everyday with my foundation to cover any redness that I may have. This is my seventh tube. I love it.

I bought this concealer because I felt like trying something new and inexpensive.So ...The coverage is good. I mean, it completely covered my dark under eye circles and I couldn't be happier.Even though this concealer is somewhat thick,  it goes on very smooth and I had no trouble blending it. I didn't experience any creasing and it didn't settle into fine lines. And best of all, it's cheap and super long lasting.The only problem with this concealer is that there aren't that many shades to choose from. I bought this concealer in medium beige and the color is okay but it would've been perfect if they had a shade in between light beige and medium beige. Also, just be careful when you apply more than one layer of this stuff, because if you layer it too many times it can start looking cakey. But if you're only trying to cover a few flaws then this stuff works wonders.

I have been buying Maybelline Concealer for years now- and getting them through Amazon saves a lot of money.  I'll certainly buy more this way when needed.

It does help conceal redness like it's supposed to. Sometimes I find that it kind of gets cakey on my face though.

This is the best concealer out there.  There are more expensive brands, but this is easy to use, the right consistency to stay UNDER your foundation and not just blend into it.  I've used it for 30 years.  Here's to 30 more!

Sometimes it's hard to find this kind at the stores,  It was much lower priced, and it does give a pretty good coverage.

This is a goth girl's dream come true! I have spent my entire life post childhood looking for a white foundation that didn't make me look like a clown. I've tried everything from Manic Panic to Kryolan. I found this little stick on accident and if you are thinking of buying it, you probably should before I buy the rest of them!

Based on the reviews, I expected this to be a good concealer- I purchased the yellow corrector one for under eye circles. The yellow doesn't blend very well and it is sort of dry so it doesn't glide on easily. Compared to Cover Girl concealer sticks, this is an inferior product. The Cover Girl stick is much smoother and creamier.

This cover stick lightens under the eyes. it's not heavy, and it stays on. In the drug stores etc, I can't find the right color--but I found it here. YAY! What are you waiting for?

I use this under my eyes almost every day under my foundation/ helps to counteract purpley or blue dark circles. thick, pigmented and creamy but still blend-able but not too wet so it doesn't blend away, stays where I put it well.

AGAIN I FOUND WHAT WAS HARD TO FIND IN A STORE, GREAT PRICE, I HAVE USED THIS COVER STICK SINCE I WAS 18 YOA. WHEN MAX FACTOR WAS AROUND. TRY IT. NO REGRETS

this coverstick is white and it comes out good but it doesin't really cover anything up it just covers it and makes it white and its not a good undereye concealer because it doesin't coverup undereye circles that well its good for blemishes but not undereyes.

This is exactly what I expected. It is always a gamble ordering something like this without seeing it. It is a nice concealer and blends in well when I test it on my hand. I will write more when I actually use it under my eyes.

It works nicely for my under eye circles and evening out my skin tone, but it's not the best for pimples/redness ( but it's fine for me because I don't have too much). The concealer is creamy, but can be dry. I found that it works best when you warm it up a bit and then apply to your skin.

My must have. Great for under eye circles. My top secret weapon that I need to buy every other month at least.

This thing is clumpy and doesn't blend well. I tried to make it work with disastrous result. Not to mention, it does nothing for my dark circles. I don't get why there are so many positive reviews. Maybe it's just not suited for my skin type which is combination.

I have absolutely horrible dark circles, far beyond the point of being concealed with any type or amount of makeup, but this product significantly reduces their discolored appearance.This looks pretty good and almost unnoticeable once blended out with my ring fingers. However, I really need a primer or something with this or it creases horribly. It feels sort of greasy and heavy when applied, but if you go easy with it and just make it last by spreading and blending, it works. It looks even better if applied under flesh-tone concealer or foundation.My main problem is that the packaging isn't entirely hygienic, at least if you put the stick right on your skin. It could spread bacteria and cause breakouts, so maybe use a small brush or something with it.

Great product. best value for money..I got it what i expected from this product. Simply loving it. awesome!!!! :)

I think this product works wonders. I'm 62 and have uh,"mature" skin  but I've been using this little yellow stick for over a decade. Covers, is not harsh, eliminate dark circles, can be used as a concealer and brightner. For the money, this can't be beat - wouldn't be without it!

It's a great color, but I find it to be fairly drying and I have combination skin. I generally use it on my forehead and blend it in with fingers, but I can still see it sitting on top of my skin with a normal mirror. It's good for the under eye area, but I find that it takes some work to blend and if I have a particularly bad spot, the best way to cover it is to dab a bit directly on.

The green stick concealer really does diminish redness. It's pretty thick, so dab it on sparingly. It stays for most of the day - I did have to reapply to areas that typically need makeup reapplication during the day.

Hello, concealer to get broken, very upset with the product to get me, get in a way that you can not use crushed

I chose this product because is the best for me, there's nothing I don't like about this product; I will recommend this product for goung and middle age ladies out there....

