The anthemic title track begins &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot;, her fourth CD release.  Wordless vocalizations and forceful percussion propel this song into the stratosphere.  &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, the lead single from this CD, is typical of her earlier fare like &quot;Orinoco Flow&quot;, but contains a magic all its own.  The most endearing aspect of this song is its lyrics.  Roma Ryan, Enya's long time lyricist, deserves much credit for her amazing lyrics on this song.  Relax and fall into the images the music and the words make together.  &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; is like a hurricane to me.  It begins ominously, like the calm before the storm.  It builds into a frighteningly wicked storm of immense proportions with strings and drums and vocals everywhere. Then, in the middle, it stops, and small lull transpires while angels come down and sing to us.  Then, just as suddenly, the wind comes up again and we are back into the thick of things.  And then, the end comes as suddenly as the beginning.  &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot; is a beautiful ballad which is more lyrical than any other ballad Enya has produced thus far.  In this song, Enya sounds very similar to her sister, Maire Brennan, lead singer of the group Clannad.  &quot;From Where I Am&quot; is another solo piano piece, which embodies the title perfectly.  I can picture myself staring at the wide expanse of the ocean or the land from a high cliff.  &quot;China Roses&quot; is a song of love and a song of the past.  You can feel the slow moving but intensely powerful energy in the undercurrent of this song.  Beautiful synthesized sounds add to the atmosphere here.  &quot;Hope Is A Place&quot; sounds melancholy, like someone has given up hope, and Enya is trying to tell them that it's not too late, it's never too late.  For all in love, hope has a place in YOUR soul.  This is such a sweet ballad with a simplistic arrangement.  &quot;Tea-House Moon&quot; is another instrumental track which embodies its title perfectly.  The sparkling synthesizers and melodies bring to mind a late evening tea ceremony underneath a bright full moon on a late summer's eve.  &quot;Once You Had Gold&quot; is a soft waltz, a lament, if you will, of something had and lost, here and gone.  &quot;La Sonadora&quot; is the only Enya song to be written in Spanish, and includes some unusual but effective chord changes.  A song to relax by.  &quot;On My Way Home&quot; starts off with a slow organ introduction and moves into a complex bassline as Enya travels on her journey home.  It seems as if your mind walks while listening to this song, with a stop in the bridge as sweet flutes massage your tired mind.  A fabulous way to end a fabulous CD.

Just when I thought Enya couldn't possibly get any better, I found &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;.  &quot;Trees&quot; is Enya's best album, and like &quot;Watermark&quot; and &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, each song is  a gem.  No other music conveys beauty, love, joy and peace the way Enya's  does, and &quot;Trees&quot; is no exception.  Enya is a world treasure, and  &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; is a must-have for anyone who loves her  music.

Nice CD for easy listening.  My husband and I both like it quite a bit.  Arrived in good condition and on time.

I really liked this CD, especially the different languages used in it.  I  also particularily enjoyed the light refreshing feel of Enya's music, this  was the first of her CDs which I've listened to, and I found that Enya's  light voice does a lot for her music.

Enya's richly chorded style has smitten me once again.  A little bit Gregorian, a lot Celtic, combined with a soft, well crafted execution, gives us a CD anyone can enjoy and relax with.  Enya performs all the instruments and vocals on the album.  Her vocal style is willowy and sweet, which blends with the synthesizer and piano accompaniment perfectly.This is great &quot;Hot Tub&quot; or massage music.  If you're not so lucky as to have both a tub and a masseuse available, just try a recliner with a glass of wine.  Enya has given us more great music, still with her unique perspective of flow and rhythm.  Her music remains timeless and fresh years after its release.

It's hard to believe "Memory of Trees" came out 11 years ago;it has held up well over the passage of time.It's Enya's last great album before the New Age/pop of "Amarantine" and "Day without rain." Back in 1995,Enya still had her creative spark,her own voice.I agree with the reviewer who said that this is her saddest album;it is melancholy,bittersweet,from the opening title song."Memory of Trees" is elegaic&majestic.;"Pax Deorum" sounds like it is from a Requiem Mass,it is a dark threnody.Unlike the reviewer who said that this has a "disconcerting" blend of spirituality&sensuality;,I don't find it disconcerting at all."Anywhere is" is a hopeful song,looking to possibilities."Hope has a place" is about love,but it is up to the listener to decide if it is romantic,platonic,etc.I've always had a soft spot for this song."On my way home" is a triumphant ending about return.This is truly a masterpiece of New Age music,a must for any Enya fan!

I am an enya fan and like her cd's. on this cd I do have to skip over song 2 and 3, song 2 just sticks out like a song I would hear my kids singing so I can't listen to it for long and since I listen to this cd as I commute to sacramento Song 3 chants sacramento mayo dayo, it's like another reminder that I'm commuting, but besides that I really do enjoy the cd. It's just something different to listen to.

I'm not a huge, know it all Enya fan.  But I do like her music very much.  Of the few CD's I've heard by Enya, this is my favorite.  I LOVE the song Anywhere Is (track 2).  It is pleasent and uplifting.  It makes me smile and want to twirl in circles.  Maybe this doesn't help anyone else want to buy the CD, but if you need some incentive: the CD is soothing and light to listen to. It would be a great CD to buy if that is the type of thing you are looking for.

This is my very favorite Enya album to date. Even writing a review of it will not come close to my inner feelings about its music. The first song, the title track &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, is the most beautiful song I've ever heard. From quiet strings to layered voices and shy piano to an orchestral-sounding climax with percussion and complex vocal parts, this song is gorgeously triumphant. &quot;Anywhere Is&quot; is a catchy but beautiful song that brings to mind wandering through a maze. Another highlight of the album is &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;. The first time I heard it, I thought of a group of hooded figures in a dimly-lit temple performing a ceremony. Enya shows off her low range with this piece. It is also interesting that she combines two different languages with two different religious ideas: the polytheism of the Romans (the Latin part) and the monotheism of the Christians (the Irish Gaelic part). Another tidbit: The Irish Gaelic part in &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; uses the same melody and text as the following, breathtaking piece, &quot;Athair ar Neamh&quot;. Being Catholic (a Christian denomination), I am sure that this song (whose title translates into &quot;Heavenly Father&quot;) has a personal meaning for Enya. &quot;From Where I Am&quot; is also another beautiful but quiet song, an emotion-packed instrumental. Enya certainly proves that you can be very quiet but still display strong feelings. From the joy of &quot;China Roses&quot; to the tranquility of &quot;Tea-house Moon&quot; and the expectantcy of &quot;On My Way Home,&quot; _The Memory of Trees_ is one of Enya's most wonderful works. I strongly recommend (and LOVE) this album. Brilliant!

I love, love love love love The Memory of Trees by Enya.Especially the vocals.The singing is the best!

I only recently discovered this album by Enya, as for years I only knew it through her "Paint the Sky with Stars" CD. It is a nice CD, and it shows Enya experimenting more with synthetic orchestral sounds like "Anywhere Is" and with a more pop atmosphere on songs like "On My Way Home", though not as overdone like she did on her recent "Amarantine".The low points are "From Where I Am", which sounds like a new version of "No Holly for Miss Quinn", and "Tea House Moon", which sounds like something off of a quirky sci-fi soundtrack and not like the peace and beauty it was supposed to represent. Otherwise, the album is nice and has a good variety, ranging from the hushed "Athair Ar Neamh" to the lively "On My Way Home". I do have to agree, though, with other reviews that some of these pieces are not exactly unique. I believe it was with this album that Enya began to be caught in the web of sameness and sadly has not gotten out yet.

Ok, first off, Enya rocks.  If you don't know that already, go buy her compilation album, Paint the Sky with Stars.  It will enlighten you.  If you already know how good she is and you aren't desperate to buy everything she's ever done, there is something wrong with you.All right, so maybe Enya isn't for everyone.  But you will likely appreciate her if you have ever been truly moved by a dreamy piece of music.  She is soft, soulfull, and dynamic.  And yeah, so her music all sounds the same, but when it's so good, how can you complain?Highlights from The Memory of Trees include &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot;, and &quot;On My Way Home&quot;.

A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art.

Okay, so I'm spreading my #1 rating around.  &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; for this Angel Man is my favorite of Enya's.  When it comes to her music, however, it is very difficult sometimes to pick #1.  &quot;The Celts,&quot; if I absolutely had to narrow my choices down, would be second only to this album.  The title track, like many of Enya's beautiful lyrics, simply melts the world's hatred off my soul in a mere ninety seconds.  I am in disbelief that anyone could not fully appreciate Enya's best work, often imitated but never truly equalled.Track six, my all time favorite single is a case in point: &quot;I know that if I have heaven, there is nothing to desire...&quot;  Who else has even dreamed of such perfect prose?  There is not a single track on &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; that doesn't have something unique, and whoever could possibly call that &quot;depressing&quot; must be truly depressed.  This album is only one of the three possessions I would take with me if I suddenly had fifteen seconds to escape an approching disaster.I cannot say enough good things about this album, except buy it, buy it, buy it!  I am having a difficult time as it is restricting the length of my commentary, except that this album is the closest thing to my home (...&quot;angel&quot;..., remember) that I have heard to date.  If the album is disagreeable at first or sounds monotonous, don't worry.  That's just Enya's way of knocking off the hard shell that has encased your soul.  Listen to this album with REPEAT ON for three months, and you should be a new person as a result.  I am.  Because of this single music work, without equal, I have changed only for the better.  It may sound like corny philosophical meanderings, but it's a fact.Everything that I have to say about Enya, whom I am very glad to call a beloved relative, will be nothing short of a love letter.  Buy this album today!  Or anything Enya, for that matter.

I never thought Enya would reach the sublime heights of Evacuee or Marble Halls from 'Shepherd Moons.' 'The Celts, Watermark and Day...' were all pleasant and admirable throughout, but are less ambitious both lyrically and musically. But Hope Has a Place from 'Memory...' reaches those heights and beyond. It is Enya at her most inspirational and comforting. I'm actually glad that this song didn't get overexposed the way Only Time did. It makes it that much more special to all who own this album.

Certainly of very good sound quality.  A couple of new songs that are not on &#34;Paint the Sky With Stars.&#34;  An enjoyable and relaxing listen.

THE MEMORY OF TREES, combines esoteric grandeur, various historical Gaelic elements, enigmatic phrases, with lyrics that brace the line between comprehension and obscurity in a most effective way.  This was my first Enya album ever, and I'm really glad I started my collection with it.  Out of all of Enya's many albums, it sets a mood the best.  Starting with the breathtaking 4:19 title track instrumental, Enya begins to create a mood of happiness tempered by reflection, so effectively with vocals that are both haunting and joyous along with magnificent instrumentation.  This song then moves to the fast-paced "Anywhere Is" (one of two singles off the cd).  "Anywhere Is," may be the most heavily lyrical based Enya single, but she quickly goes through them all, painting a feeling of a journey, of choices made, following a course, and misdirection.  Part of what makes this song so successful is the abundant rhyming; Enya's lively, vital voice; and its rhythm.  "Pax Deorum," five minutes of amazing Latin, certainly sets a mood, with a darker tone.  It's a powerful song, with apparent voice layering, amazing instrumentation, and a very good beat.  The passion of "Pax Deorum" segues into the elegance and beauty of the Gaelic "Athair ar Neamh" (meaning "Father in Heaven").  This song is truly beautiful, with Enya lightly moving through the gorgeous Gaelic stanzas.  "China Roses," which clocks in at 4:47, is a majestic masterpiece, painting a scene with ethereal elements, and has a Utopian feeling about it.  The synthesizer on this piece is quite remarkable, fitting the tone of "China Roses" perfectly.  "Hope Has a Place," is romantic, true to life, and, judging from the way Enya sings it, very introspective.  It features some of the grander elements of songs like "Angeles" and "Caribbean Blue" from Shepherd Moons, incorporating sweeping, drawn out stanzas and peaceful, heartfelt lyrics.  "Tea-House Moon," is playful, with an almost circus like feeling.  "Once You Had Gold," is a serene, elegant and genteel.  Many sections of the song are done in the way you'd expect a lullaby to be done; yet it has more practical application than a lullaby, with very truthful lyrics that touch the soul.  "La So&ntilde;adora" is as majestic as it is an auditory delight, especially with the edition of the Spanish lyrics.  The darker feeling in the beginning segues brilliantly into the chorus of voices in the middle section of the song and then concludes with the same feeling of the beginning.  "On My Way Home" (the second single off THE MEMORY OF TREES), is an upbeat, happy, and retrospective song that signals the end of the remarkable journey that is THE MEMORY OF TREES.  It's a fitting conclusion to "Anywhere Is" and the entire cd.THE MEMORY OF TREES encompasses various themes, various languages, and incorporates stunning instrumentals throughout.  Enya has frequently said she tells a lot about herself through her music, and I think that's particularly apparent in THE MEMORY OF TREES, which, by the end of its 44 minutes, truly moves you.  If it's the first piece in your Enya collection or last, it certainly does not disappoint.

I love Watermarket and Shepperd Moons but this record is just pure boredom, I am very disappointed, I cannot listen to it without getting this feeling of stupidity due to the constant repetition of the musical lines. That's not music, its boredom. Get Watermark instead.

This album was actually my first exposure to Enya's music and New Age music in general. A friend of mine at work played it once, and I was mesmerized by the beauty of the title track and &quot;On my way home&quot;,  &quot;Teahouse Moon&quot;, &quot;La So&ntilde;adora&quot;, &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;,  &quot;Anywhere Is&quot; and &quot;China Roses&quot;. Needless to say, I  bought her whole collection shortly afterwards. I'm sure you will also  enjoy it. Happy listening!

This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!

In terms of simply flawless and beautiful music, Enya's best work.  It shows the work of a mature artist, comfortable in the songwriting craft.  Use of harmony and tonal structures is emotionally strong and solid.  There are no big "hits" on this CD, but every song is a gem if you are looking for music that connects to the soul.  Highlights are "China Roses", "On my Way Home" and "Pax Deorum."

This is my favorite Enya album, having to do more with a part it played in my life than just its stunning contents.  I listened to The Memory of Trees constantly during a very blue period of my life, when I got my heart broken for the first time.  All of the myriad emotions running through me found a voice in songs like Hope Has a Place and Once You Had Gold.  Even On My Way Home tugged at my heart; it conjured up hope in the wake of a bittersweet seperation.  And, if that were not enough, I felt the reverberation of Tea-House Moon and the title track in the core of my being.  Through it all, there was Enya, an artist without parallel.  Her grace, serenity, and raw emotion washed over me, healing my bruised and fragile heart.Sorry for the soppy, sentimental words, but this is the God-honest truth.  I like each and every one of Enya's albums, some more than others, but The Memory of Trees will always stand apart from the rest, for me personally.  Some people will find the album too sad and bittersweet, but I'm convinced that more will treasure it for a long time to come.

I've had this CD for years, and EVERY time I travel anywhere, it comes with me.This is not to say that I don't like the CD or I think it's boring. I love the CD, and often listen to it at other times, however the reason it's stayed one of my favorites is that it can send me peacefully to sleap within 4 tracks no matter where I am or what troubles I have.The ultimate relaxing CD... great white noise for studying, reading, writing or just thinking about the world.

Enya, despite being a successful recording artist, doesn't have the broad appeal as other artists; one reason might be that her kind of music is not very pop station friendly while another reason could be people think they're too "macho" for music that she makes. But people with open minds could find there's some beautiful melodies and harmonies as well as lively, upbeat tunes that are a joy to put on. I find the Memory of Trees to be one of her most consistent albums; plus it helps it has probably one of my top 5 favorite songs ever.The Memory of Trees: Like all of her records (except the recent Amarantine), the albums open with a wordless instrumental and this album's title track is probably my favorite with gentle piano arpeggios and a beautiful vocal track. I always like the sparse use of percussion. 9/10Anywhere Is: The lively single; it's actually a good sing-along with staccato beats and a great chorus. It's also a perfect length since it's under 3 minutes so whereas some pop songs drag after awhile, this one hooks you in then lets you go, leaving you wanting more. 9/10Pax Deorum: Another album, another ominous Latin-sung piece. The music sounds like something you'd hear in enemy territories in video games while Enya gives a low-voice, almost monotone performance over the music. Slightly repetitive until a 2nd higher voice comes in but the piece hits its stride halfway with a gorgeous bridge. 8/10Athair Ar Nearmh: There's some songs she does where it's more about the song itself rather than a poppy, catchy quality a la Only Time and this song's similar. Another ballad with some of her best singing, it's a more low-key track but it's also one of the album highlights. 8.5/10From Where I Am: Another instrumental; this one's a more piano-based piece that would be a nice song to learn for all pianists out there since it's not technically complex or fast but it's pleasant to listen to. 7.5/10China Roses: There's only a handful of songs I could have on repeat and never get sick of them and this is one of them. Everything from the vocals and background instrumentation, the lyrics and not to mention one of the most relaxing and almost tranquil ending codas I've ever heard, this is definately my favorite song on here, plus her whole career even. 15/10Hope Has a Place: For me, any song after China Roses will probably suffer a tad but this song doesn't do much for me. Granted, her vocals are as great as always and the song has a nice, relaxing mood but either this kind of track is too familiar (a kind of Athair part 2 if you will) or it's just not as memorable. 7/10Tea-House Moon: Very oriental in its instruments, it's another wordless song although it's more enjoyable than From Where I Am is, mainly because the melodies are more memorable and it's a bit more song-oriented. It's different but strangely likable. 8/10Once You Had Gold: We're getting into the album's final stretch and the problem is that with this one, it's a more quieter affair as you can feel the album almost winding down. With Enya's more higher vocals (for some reason, reminiscent of her Silent Night rendition), it's another beautiful track but it's also a bit...same-y? 8/10La Sonadora: Spanish lyrics for once, it's another slower paced track complete with "aahs" for background vocals and synths but again, the album could've benefited from a more perkier track. I do like what it does at the halfway point and gives the track a little boost. 7.5/10On My Way Home: A church organ opens the track and with a more bouncy synth, you'd think it was a bit more upbeat. While it's not as lively as her vocals on Anywhere Is, it does give the album a bit more memorable closer, especially when the chorus comes where the track gets more fuller in its arrangements. 9/10While A Day Without Rain or Watermark is usually marked as one of her best (probably because her big hits Only Time and Orinoco Flow were on them), I find the Memory of Trees a more likable album and despite a lack of more upbeat tracks, it's still one of her finest outings.

In Memory of Trees is yet another great effort from this exquisite lady. Take this one with you as you hike through the forest during a misty sunrise. Trust me, I've tried it. My favorite track is &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot; whatever that means. This is a must for all Enya fans. Her voice gently sooths the soul after a hectic day.

This album is so hauntingly beautiful.  It reminds me of how the Celts and Druids would endow trees with human and other life characteristics.  Now...every time I prune a tree I expect it to say "ouch!", or when I walk by a tree I expect it to reach out to me.  Listening to this album, especially after consuming a quart or more of good Irish whiskey is a delight.  I remember trees and I am sure, after listening to this album, that they remember me also.  Definitely a buy!  Cuckoo ForCeltic

Enya is such a wonderful artist, truly given a gift from God!! Every song on this album is a delight to listen to. "Once You Had Gold" is a song I'm actually using in a fanfiction story I'm writing, and I hardly ever do "songfics." But this song is so beautiful and poignant and angsty that it fits perfectly with the message I'm trying to get across.Other special favorites are the title song, Anywhere Is, Athar Ar Neamh, China Roses . . . Okay, let's just say the whole album is a classic!!! I'm not really into new age music, but Enya is different! You will not go wrong buying her albums, and especially this one is a must-have!!

Who knows why I initially considered this to be a duff album by the woman with the most beautiful voice in the world.  Maybe I was expecting Shepherd's Moon Part II and saw Memory Of Trees as Shepherd's Eclipse.  The songs didn't leap out to me?  Well, listening to it for this review, it finally did, and I've embraced it like I have her other albums.  The four years inbetween albums was worth it.Of the opening instrumental title tracks, &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is the most potent, sporting the usual instrumentals, pianos, haunting wall-of-sound choir-like vocals, pounding drums recalling &quot;The Longships&quot; from Watermark.The brisk &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, whose dominant tempo reminds me of a horse having a gentle canter down a park, is backed by strings and backing vocals.  There's an interesting motif in the first line of her reaching a horizon but finding another, where something that looks like an end is actually a new beginning.  Bit like life, isn't it?&quot;Pax Deorum&quot; is a Latin track begins with a cold dark wind, which sets the grim bass pulsing keyboard permeating throughout the song, as well as an ominous sound that sounds a bit like a foghorn, though not as loud or brash.  This part sounds a bit like an incantation.  Her voice alternates between a soft but lower register and her full vocals.The piano (and later some other instrument) ballad &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot; is a sad but beautiful sung tune, full of yearning.  Makes me want to learn Gaelic.  My favourite song here, and Enya sounds her best singing like this.The wistful, reflective piano only instrumental &quot;From Where I Am&quot; is a variation of &quot;Miss Clare Remembers&quot; from Watermark, with some shades of &quot;Epona&quot; from the Enya album.&quot;China Roses&quot; is one of her visual and visionary poetic songs and it's an enchanting delight to hear.  I see melodic strains of what would later become &quot;Only Time.&quot;  That wall of sound really enhances her vocals, and the following lyrics really create the image of a dreamland:  &quot;A new moon leads me to/woods of dreams and I follow/a new world waits for me/my dream, my way&quot; and &quot;Rain and river, a world of wonder/may be paradise to me&quot;.  Gosh, how I love this woman!OK, all you romantics.  &quot;Hope Has A Place&quot; is the song for you.  Enya's vocal echoes hauntingly here and that dreamy wall of sound is in full bloom.  And how's this for some sagely advice:  &quot;Look to love/you may dream/and if it should leave/then give it wings/But if such a love is meant to be/Hope is home, and the heart is free.&quot;  I can't decide whether I like this better than &quot;Athair Ar Neamh.&quot;The third instrumental, &quot;Tea-House Moon&quot;, has some Oriental strains, with some otherworldly synths and conjures the image of one looking up at the stars.  As for the title, a nod to Teahouse Of The August Moon, set in post-WW2 Japan and starring Machiko Kyo?&quot;Once You Had Gold&quot; is a proverbial seasons come, seasons go type, and has a mystical sense of why things go wrong:  &quot;No-one can promise a dream for you/Time gave both darkness and dreams to you.&quot; and &quot;What is the dark, shadows around you/why not take heart in the new day?&quot;&quot;La Sonadora&quot; is her first Spanish song and it's more an interlude.  The backing wall of music rise to a crescendo in the song's midsection.A reminiscing night traveller's thoughts comprise &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, where &quot;I remember all the best days/I'm on my way home/I can remember every new day&quot; is surrounded by the dreamy wall of sound.Compared to her first three albums, Enya's voice is more mesmerizingly beautiful than I've ever heard.  She seems to be a one-woman band here, as it's &quot;all instruments and vocals by Enya&quot; per the credits.  There's more a wall of dreamy sound here--check out how many times I've mentioned this.  Repeated listenings will tell whether it'll dislodge Shepherd's Moon as my favourite Enya album.

Once in a while, I'll hear music that affects me so deeply that I &#34;have to have it&#34; at any possible moment - this is one of those. I have it on CDs at work and at home, as well as on my phone's MP3 player. Incidentally, it sounds PHENOMENAL when I feed that MP3 player through the car's stereo system.I've been a fan of Enya's since &#34;Oronoco Flow&#34; but this is, in my opinion, the best thing she's ever done.

Replacing lost albums, and this was one of them, Enya was a big part of my old collection and will be again.

Over the past few years this album has been used to cheer me up and calm me down. It is one of the fwe albums that I have had for about five years and am not ashamed of nowadays. A very escapist chilled album to listen to whenever you don't want to be disturbed. This abum will carry you through every mood and atmosphere and leave you feeling refreshed.

I would to to say to everyone who is even thinking of buying this CD of Enya's, do it!  She is so great and this CD is absolutely beautiful! I am  listening to is right now! I  bought it from Amazon and I really love it!  Enya you are something else, keep bringing us the music that touches our  lives so deeply!

Enya is one of a few artists whom I consider successful at creating this type of electronic atmospheric and dreamlike music. For certain, The Memory Of Trees is melodic, romantic and sensuous. Roma Ryan's lyrics, sung in  Gaelic by Enya (Athair Ar Neamh), float gently like pillow-soft white  clouds. The compositions are relaxing and harmonious (Tea House Moon),  dreamlike and filled with mystery (Once You Had Gold), and include subtle  touches of Celtic tradition (Enya's phrasing on `Hope Has A Place'). The CD  is a quiet and lush alternative to ninety-percent of the popular music on  the market today, and also a welcome substitute for the often hectic pace  of daily life. Enya's arrangement of the compositions on Memory is well  thought - the comparatively dramatic and uplifting `Anywhere Is' and `On My  Way Home' are placed so that the listener doesn't fall asleep.However,  I'm very leery when I read a dozen reviews of a particular musical release,  and all the writers rate the artist's work with five-stars. My hesitation  is not a matter of taste (listeners are free to condemn or rave about  whatever they please), but one of perspective. Is The Memory Of Trees a  musical ground breaking effort? Does it introduce a unique technique or  significantly alter a current genre of popular music? On close listening,  the electronic pseudo-symphonic music of Memory does not approach the  beauty or dynamics of an orchestra with real people playing real  instruments. Nor does Enya's multi-layering of her own voice have the same  rich sonic texture as a chorus comprised of real voices. Then again,  perhaps The Memory Of Trees (and all of Enya's work) is so provocatively  ethereal because it is surreal.

The first time I heard of Enya was on a pop radio station.  Since then I made sure I got my hands on most of her works and The Memory of Trees is the definitive Enya. The combination of Gealic and English songs makes  listening a one of a kind experience.  This title will re-energize you  while soothing your frazzled nerves every time.  Don't miss it.

I love Enya and all of the music that she shares with us.  This is one of her best recordings, and I love every minute of it.  I listen to it over and over and never tire of the melody/voice - I even used it as a backdrop to a sermon.

I love Enya's music, and own several of her albums (albeit not all). This is my favorite by far. The track, "Anywhere Is," is the quintessential seeker song. Every track on this album has moved me. This artist is a gift to the world, and this album has to be among her very best.

Enya is one of of the most mysterious singers in music today. I consider her to be one of the few female singers who in my opinion can still make some great angelic melodies that don't sound banal or cheap even though some of her songs are so short as to be almost like unfinished demo tapes( Will she someday produce and compose a song that is about eight ot nine minutes long). The Memory Of Trees is my second favorite CD of hers behing Watermark which I consider to be her strongest outing to date. I doubt Enya will topple Watermark to tell you the truth.Many people say that this is a sunny album. Well, it is kind of true. The sunniness is evidenced on the title track, Anywhere Is, and the Orinoco Flow-esque On My Way Home. Generally I think of this album as an album for a cloudy, romantic autumn evening with the leaves a bright red, orange and yellow. Several songs are quite dark and cloudy but not stormy like let's say Storms In Africa, Exile, or creepy like Evening Falls. This album is a gorgeous musical journey that trancends boundaries. I find this to be like the darker companion to the sunniness of A Day Without Rain which followed this one five years later.I usually go with the darker material that Enya does but I enjoy the brighter material as well( I love music that is dark and stormy).The title track is a gorgeous instrumental that has Enya returning to the days of the Celts CD. Instead of the usual piano instrumental that introduced us to Watermark, Shephard Moons, and A Day Without Rain we get a song that is more synthesized and with thundering beats to bop your head to combined with Enyas multilayered vocals that starts out as a cloudy minor note and after about 30 seconds it morphs into a major note to give an impression of the sun shining through the clouds on a warm autumn afternoon. This song is more similar to the Celts than the piano instrumentals of most of her albums although this song is much brighter than the Celts title track. Anywhere Is is like the blueprint of Enyas big-selling A Day Without Rain. It's a very bright, sunny song with rhythm that could make you almost bop your head along with. This song is more legato although there are hints of the staccato pizzicato strings that would dominate a lot of Enyas A Day Without Rain. I love the quiet middle part of the song. It kind of reminds me of the quiet bridge of Orinoco Flow a few years before then. After the sunniness we head into darker, mistier territory of Pax Deorum. This song is another dark almost Gothic piece that features Enya singing in Latin with a very misty feel. In the middle of the song the rhythm pauses and the sing becomes a major note for about a minute giving an imression of the sun breaking through the dark clouds. I consider this to be Enyas best 'Gothic' song to this day. It's almost like the darker side of Heaven if you could call it that. The song reverts back into a dark misty minor note song. Athair Ar Neamh is a very sad, cloudy evening song that features Enya singing in Gaelic. This song is a very beautiful, theme for a guy who is having a lonely summer. The song ends in a major note key like the sun breaking out just before it goes down. From Where I am is a beautiful piano instrumental. China Roses is a gorgeous, breathtaking, ambient song that made me get this album. It's one of Enyas most stunning compositions to date in my opinion. China Roses is a very romantic song that brings up images two lovers walking alongside the waterfront with the red leaves falling onto the surface of a pond with a large garden of roses and a huge crystal castle in the background. China Roses is one of Enyas most brilliant songs to this day. This song is the winner on the Memory Of Trees. Hope Has A Place is a another beautiful song that is similar to China Roses although not quite as powerful or mind- stimulating but still great. This song is a song about how hope is still existant even in bleak situations. This song reminds me of How Can I Keep From Singing from Shepard Moons. Tea-House Moon is one of the best Enya instrumentals I have ever listened to. It's a very stunning song with high pitched synths in the background with electronic synths in the foreground. This song is one to enjoy when it's cloudy and the red leaves are falling to the ground. This song is one of my favorites off this CD. Once You Had Gold is one song that you probably shouldn't play if you have not had much sleep because it's one song that will sooth your soul. I fell asleep in class a few times in the past listening to this song *giggles*. This song though is great though. I enjoy it alot on a cloudy evening. La Sonadora is a very haunting song that features Enya singing in Spanish. This song is very dark and spooky although not stormy or scary as let's say Exile, Storms In Africa or the dynamite Na Leatha Geal M'Oige but this song is one of the darker songs off this album. The chants remind me a bit of Smaointe from a decade ago. We brighten up again with the closing track On My Way Home. This song that contains many elements of the 1988 hit Orinoco Flow although not as spooky as that one. This song is much brighter than Orinoco and happier. This song is like the predecessor to the brightness of A Day Without Rain that followed this one five years later...I consider this to be one of Enyas strongest albums to date. Only Watermark surpasses this one and it's not by too much. I strongly recommend that all Enya fans buy this amazing masterpiece. It's gorgeous and an album for the soul...

This is the best Enya CD I've ever listened to.  It's soothing and inspired.

This CD by Enya, the first one I ever discovered years ago, is still my personal favorite, with the title song being my personal favorite song of Enya's. But just that does not do her justice. She is many times classified as New Age/New Age Celtic, but that title does not do her justice to the music which she produces. She is able to sing not only in English, but in Gaelic, Latin, Welsh, Spanish, French, and even a made up Elvish (LotR). She has the amazing ability to be so universally adored even winning the 1997 Grammy for Best New Age Album; and one can clearly see why she was graced with this honor. Between Enya herself and the two Ryan's, there could be no better album made, although one can say this about each and every CD of Enya's (which I do own, with her new CD "And Winter Came" soon to be added to the collection!)

There's much to enjoy in "The Memory of Trees": the whimsical yet rich 'Tea House Moon' instrumental with the ethereal whistle synth pioneered by Tomita so many years ago; the moody 'Pax Deorum'; the gorgeous 'Athair ar Neahm' and a moving ode to love in 'Hope has a Place'. 'The Memory of Trees' and 'On My Way Home' nicely bookend this disc although the finishing chorus of the latter goes on a bit long.Left at this point I'd give "The Memory of Trees" 4 1/2 stars,  but then there's 'Anywhere Is' -- the first verse starts out promisingly, but the second verse and most of the rest descend into word rhyming mush; e.g., "...the moon still keeps on moving / the waves still keep on waving / and I still keep on going..." I still keep on wishing / that the singing / was not rendered in Englishing...'Once You had Gold' is an equally overreaching word salad... "No-one can promise a dream for you, Time gave both darkness and dreams to you". Jarring. Similarly, 'China Roses' tries to pack too much imagery into a single song schizophrenically contrasting with the flowing music. Seriously, can you take poetic offerings such as these without critique?Lastly, we have La Sonadora which to my ears is the highlight of Enya's voicings - it is beautifully sung, but the arrangement is very somber -- didn't seem to fit together as well as it might have.As Enya didn't actually write the lyrics, I give the her musical contributions my original 4 and 1/2 stars. And, poetic objections notwithstanding, The Memory of Trees is another very worthy effort from the voice from another plane of existence.

Music from Heaven; her songs touch your soul like none can.

Enya weaves her voice and words into a beautiful tapestry of pure spirit and wonder. Her voice paints pictures in your mind, it lets your heart and soul soar. Enya is truly a wonderful artist with talent brimming out of her.

This is not another lousy Celtic New Age album - it is a genuine piece of music, well written and performed with emotion. It never fails to send shivers up and down my spine for some reason... Ever since I heard Orinoco Flow Enya has cast her spell on me. She is just so different and strange and so utterly artistic. On this album every song is as perfect as it can get on a pop record, with melodies that have a tendency to lodge themselves into my brain. I have every Enya album to date, but this one seems to be particularly special. A must for any music lover!

One may wish that lyricist Roma Ryan cut on her use of word heaven (3 times in 'China Roses', twice in 'Pax Deorum' and 'Athair ar Neamh' (translations) and once each in 'Anywhere is','Hope has a place' and 'On my way home'). Having said that, Enya continues to produce quality new age music with a perfect blend of masjectic, flowing layered vocals. One may identify 'Pax Deorum' and perhaps 'La sonadora' with her previous works like 'Cursum perficio','Storms in Africa' and 'The Celts'; all these possess a certain assertiveness, and what i can only describe as a darker shade of Enya's music. As with all Enya albums you will like most of this albums' tracks at one time or another, but I would listen to 'On my way home' more often. Also, instrumentals 'Tea house moon' and 'Memory of trees' would be my picks. You can almost feel yourself sitting out on a summer house patio, snapping your fingers with 'Tea house moon'. The album does not beat either 'Watermark' or the hits collection 'Paint the sky with stars' but is an essential buy for any new age fan.

this is a fabulous cd! even when my daughter was 12 she liked it and so did her friends!

While I believe that &quot;Watermark&quot; was the best of her works overall, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; features some delightful offerings as well. &quot;China Roses&quot; will always remain one of my favorites.The one, slim, unhappiness that I have, is that the &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; movies didn't use Enya's beautiful Lothlorien piece from &quot;Shepard Moons&quot;. I think Enya's wonderful song did more tribute to Tolkien's vision than the movies did.Apologies if you disagree. Just my opinions.Johji

My wife came back from my children's christmas show enthusing about a glorious piece of music that the children had danced to. We tracked it down and it turned out to be the &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;. So I bought the CD.I agree it's a very beautiful piece of music. But what about the rest of the CD! Okay the second track is okay, but the rest just follows on, sounding like the track before. Every track is low key and depressing. I bet old Enya had had a heck of a month touring the globe before she recorded all of this stuff; she sounds knackered,bored and cynical.This is what I would describe as MUSH music: tired, clapped out and one heck of a massive confidence trick.But she's made a mint, and that's what counts I am sure.The Emperor's New Clothes springs to mind when I think about Enya's contribution to the world of music. One day we will ALL wake up and shout &quot;Hey, she really isn't very good&quot;.But, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; - nice track.

~~-~~i love all of enya, and im pretty sure i own everything by her. this is definitely one of my favorite cds by Enya. Her singing is wonderful and the music is just great. I love playing it at night when i go to bed; it seems to calm down my puppy so he doesn't get too restless at night, plus i just like hearing it on. My favorite songs are On My Way Home and China Roses.~~-~~

If you suffer from insomnia or had a stressful day play this CD or any of her other works. Her haunting voice will lull you to sleep. Whenever I come home from work grouchy my wife plays Enya before supper. Instantly, I start  to feel relaxed and content.I recommend all of her CD's. Wonderful vocalist  and composer.

Many times, AND WITH GOOD REASON, the "new age" label gets slammed for lacking originality and conviction. Enya is not an artist who blends in with the rest and this release is, in my opinion, her best to date.There is certainly an ethereal quality associated with new age and Enya is certainly a new age artist, but she has strong writing skills and gorgeous and very unique voice that sets her apart from her peers. And if you look at what is being released these days, many groups are ripping off elements of her uniqueness and plastering them on down tempo songs with session singers who do an ok job of copying Enya, but don't reach the depths of beauty and passion that only Enya seems to find.What makes this a 5-star review for me is that the songs work independently and even better as a cohesive set that keeps you involved and feeling like you are living in an even better world than this one we know. I know this sounds ridiculous, but take this review from someone who usually prefers an entirely different type of music. Al the songs are great and although this CD can be great background music, it works even better when it's in the forefront of your attention because the production work is so masterful.Many artists/fans are critical of the work that the producer brings to the table, but I am always very appreciative when the final product does not sound like it was manufactured by an assembly line, but rather reflects a balance of the artist's intent with the listener in mind.Thanks for reading and I would like to thank ALL reviewers as their opinions (even when I disagree) give me clues as to what I may like and even more importantly provide exposure to artists who I may have missed if it were not for work. Also, thanks to Amazon.com for providing this forum as I think that it clearly benefits the company, but ultimately it also can be a great place for a potential buyer to find his or her next favorite CD.

I just recently purchased her ''Paint The Sky With Stars'' CD and was so impressed that I bought 3 of her previously released CD's and plan to buy all her music.  She is truely talented and her music is very unique with a combination of modern classical and pop with a hint of an Angelic tone. I still recommend you buy this CD. Anybody who has an appreciation for music will certainly enjoy her music.

Well what can I say other then I really like this music, I recommend it and know you like it just as well.

I love this recording. However, the CD I ordered was flawed and did not play completely. You get what you pay for.Enya is wonderful to work to, she inspires my creativity, that is why I listen to her.

Over the past twenty-odd years, Enya Brennan has become known worldwide for her layered vocals and delicate instrumentation, in many ways defining New Age music. But for her to have essentially taken the crown of this genre implies a depth to her music, and this is very evident on "The Memory of Trees".Enya's first few albums were good, but there was something missing, something that had yet to be developed. I'm not entirely sure what that intangible "something" was, but she certainly found it on this one. The title track is an instrumental masterpiece featuring her trademark layered vocals (though no lyrics to speak of), and it reminds on of a clear fall day. This sets the pace for the record, which is decidedly autumnal. 'Anywhere Is' is about the maze that life's choices put us into, while 'Pax Deorum' features few lyrics (all in Latin) that reverberate almost like a dark stormy night that eventually settles into a calm drizzle. 'Once You had Gold' is as delicate as a falling leaf, and 'On My Way Home' brings back memories of weekend trips home from college, traveling through the gorgeous foliage and dizzying scents of fall.If 'Only Time' defined her "A Day without Rain" album, it's 'China Roses' that defines "The Memory of Trees". Enya has crafted a lullaby-like soothing piece of moonlight that is instantly calming. It's easily the best piece of the record and, even nearly twenty years after the album's release, it still stands firmly, refusing to sound dated in a genre that, at one point, relied a little too much on synthesizers.It's been over fifteen years since "The Memory of Trees" was released, but it's a still favorite when it comes to Enya's music. As another reviewer said, you can't go wrong with this artist, but this album is definitely one of her best.

This was the fastest shipment I have ever received.  Thank you for so much for such prompt service.  And the CD is in excellent condition.  Will do business with again.

As someone who has friends who don't share my eclectic taste in music I don't have many places to share my love of what I do like. That's why I like coming here and writing reviews of stuff I love. I reviewed Enya's recent Christmas album and it was a painful experience because it just didn't live up to my hopes. I hated writing an average review of an artist I respect so much... so I decided to review an album I consider my favorite.There are a lot of differing opinions on what is Enya's best work, least favorite work and all in between. For me, this album don't have my favorite Enya song (That would be Flora's Secret from A Day Without Rain) or my favorite instrumental (Shepherd Moons from the album of the same name). But this album is probably my favorite overall for many reasons. I love the gentle feeling this album gives off. If I'm having a bad day it's a nice album to cool off to. I love the two songs "China Roses" & "Hope Has A Place". Very beautiful songs. "Pax Deorum" is a very epic sounding song and quite a neat piece of music. I'd love for Enya to explore this kind of musical landscape again. She does this kind of thing so well! "On My Way Home" is an excellent "Orinoco Flow" sounding, up tempo close to the CD.Also, this was my first Enya CD so it also holds sentimental value to me. Ever since I've listened to this album I've been a die hard fan of Enya. Many people call this elevator music or boring. That's fine, I understand & appreciate how we all can have differing opinions of what kind of music we chose to enjoy. I hope some people give this album a chance & end up loving it as much as I did!

To my mind, TMOT represents Enya's low water mark (excuse the pun). This was the CD that wrested me away from full devotion to her work. Not that the CD is bad. By other artists' standards this is definitely above average. But for Enya, it is simply a retread. Repackaging of previous musical ideas. Little in the way of innovation.I find in reading reviews of her music that reviews fall into several categories. The lemming reviews, are those by devotees who blindly accept any of her offerings with equal fervor. The musical snobs, who castigate her work as being unsophisticated and trite. The newbies, who are hearing Enya's work for the first time and think the latest (their first exposure to Enya) is the be-all, end-all. And then there's me, the nostalgic, offering what I feel is an objective take on how a CD ranks in an artist's overall repertoire. That said, Watermark is pure genius, the best album of the last twenty-five years. Shepherd Moons is also brilliant, though inevitably a notch below its peerless predecessor. TMOT continues the slide, dipping into mediocrity, territory that Enya had never before chartered. On account of the disappointment I had with TMOT, I still haven't shelled out for her latest CD, ADWR, but I'm sure my curiosity will win out.

Enya is distinctive in her genre.  Much perseveration but that seems intrinsic to the style.  Better half is sleeve-pullingly proud of her Irish ancestry and Enya is now integral to all that, but one does not replay Enya's CDs constantly as the perseveration can be mind-numbing.

I love enyas music and this is 1 of my favorite albums. I would definetly recommen The memory of trees, paint the sky with stars the best of Enya or The very best of Enya ,and of course  A day without rain as must haves for any new fan.

I must say that while I truly love Enya's music, this album is my least favorite of all of hers.  It is good, don't get me wrong, but I do not feel as engrossed in the music on this one as I am in the other ones.  Ok, so maybe, Enya has bored me a bit this time, but some of the tunes are awfully good, such as, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; and &quot;Anywhere Is.&quot;  So, I would never dismiss it as a poor pick, and I do feel that it is a valid Enya album.  It is full of beautiful songs (as is the case with all of her records), and the vocals are ethereal as always.  I would recommend it, though if I were you, I would let this be my first Enya experience, for the rest in the line, and those before it, are, to me, a little better.

I have worn out two copies of this CD. The music is one of my favorites and I find it very relaxing. Several of my friends have copies of it.

Beautiful as always.  I'm never disappointed with an Enya CD.  I can fall asleep to this at night because the songs are so soothing and comforting.

The second Enya CD I purchased for my extensive music collection has left me filled with peaceful joy.  Enya is the partnership formed by Eithne Ni Bhraonain (Enya herself), Nicky and Roma Ryan.  Born is Donegal, Ireland, Enya studied classical music under private tuition until she was discovered by producer Nicky Ryan.  Along with his wife Roma, the trio grew into one of the most notorious musical talents of the New Age era.  Personally, I find Roma to be the most impressive one of the three, as she is responsible for writing the most beautiful lyrics in almost any language one can expect (she has her own website and it is a true testament to creativity with style - do pay a visit).This CD includes songs in English, Spanish, Latin and Celtic.  The rhythms are light and airy, befitting a body of work allegoric to nature.  My favorite song is "Anywhere is", with exquisite lyrics by Roma Ryan about the continuity of time and how we always seem to be at its mercy - "I might be just beginning, I might be near the end" sings Enya at the closing of the song.  The Spanish-written "La So'adora" tells of the fleeting passing of the seasons through the perennial life cycle.  There are also instrumental songs like "Tea House Moon", which I can perfectly imagine as background music during a Japanese tea ceremony.The album design is exquisite, with Enya wearing a royal blue velvet robe created by Elizabeth Emanuel exclusively for the photo shoot, which makes her look like an eternal Celtic goddess in her golden throne. In these days of global warming worries, this CD is a gift to the memory of a planet which we ourselves are destroying.

I never tire of listening to Enya's music. It is uplifting and soothing. Brings peace to my soul. Just love it.

Wonderful CD. Evokes calmness.  I listen to it as a background for when I do paperwork at work.  Highly recommend.

The song &#34;Memory of Trees&#34; is my favorite song and she, as always, does such a beautiful job!  The album is mostly instumental other than &#34;Memory of Trees&#34; and I wish it had more vocal on it.  Other than that, I love the album.

This is one of my favorite Enya albums; it's loaded on all of my devices.  I play it while I work.  If you can't sleep; play this softly in the background; and it will take you gently to dreamland.

[One CD, with a running time of 44 minutes.] Ah...this wonderful CD shows off Enya's silky smooth voice. The eleven tunes are hauntingly beautiful. I won't try to categorize her music, it is simply too rich and complex.The paperwork includes the words to ten of the songs (The Memory of Trees is a musical number), and two nice color pictures of Enya. (I love extras!) So, if you like Enya's past hits, then I think that you will like this one as well. Buy it!

Enya's Memory of Trees is a favorite in my music collection. Her voice is absolutely beautiful and anyone will find her music soothing and food for soul searching.

Enya has a very unique genre.  I love all the musical sounds.  I liked it very much along with the selections.

Let's drop all our differences and sit down and take a listen of Enya's THE MEMORY OF TREES. It's a brilliant album and how can you not like it with such a fabulous title track. Enya is already creating magic without using words. &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, the second track and also the first single from the album is probably the most worded song from Enya in a long time and it's simply stunning. I think nobody can be as inventive and speak in such a perspective through their songs.  Whenever I recommend this CD to my friends, they all laugh at me and think that I am being a complete idiot. Despite constant criticism, I have not liked Enya any less and strongly believe that I don't need to see a doctor. My friends describe it as &quot;Mental institution music for those who cannot afford to see a psychiatrist to help them improve upon their mental illness&quot;. Never the less, I suppose that's what you get when your friends are 17 year old males (So am I).  So, I strongly recommend you get yourself a copy of THE MEMORY OF TREES and the stand out tracks are &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, &quot;China Roses&quot;, &quot;Tea House Moon&quot; and &quot;On My Way Home&quot;. Totally brilliant CD. Well worth your while and best of all, you won't regret it!

Cuarto disco de Enya, y el cual demuestra cada vez m&aacute;s la intenci&oacute;n de  dirigirse a un p&uacute;blico m&aacute;s masivo (la canci&oacute;n "anywhere is" dif&iacute;cilmente la  habr&iacute;a relacionado con Enya de haberla escuchado sin saber que el disco es  de ella); sin embargo, en otras de sus melod&iacute;as ha depurado su estilo tan  particular, haciendo de este disco una compra obligada para cualquier  persona que admire la obra de esta artista. De hecho, podr&iacute;amos decir que  esta es una excelente elecci&oacute;n para adentrarse poco a poco al mundo sonoro  de Enya, ya que este disco resulta m&aacute;s f&aacute;cil de escuchar que sus  anteriores. Si lo que desea es tener un muestrario de lo mejor de esta  artista, probablemente le convenga m&aacute;s comprar el disco "paint de sky with  stars"; una recopilaci&oacute;n de lo mejor de sus cuatro discos.

I will say that this is a very personal album for me.  Life has made it so.  Usually that is what I do with music that moves me...I bring it into myself and make it personal. (I'm sure most people do that.)You know how people have "names"?  Like on my birth certificate it says my first name is Jeffrey.  Well, I chose for myself a "musical name" and for several years now, it has been the title track to this album "The Memory of Trees".  For me,  despite whatever the actual intent of singer/songwriter with this piece, it represents my 'inner innocent child-like dreamy self' that I aspire to be, that if I am at my best, I am.  So if I'm feeling "down" and need to remind myself that I am better or that I can be better, I listen to "The Memory of Trees" piece.Perhaps strange.  But it is what it is to me now.The piece "Hope Has A Place", is a song I attach not to a "romantic" love, but to someone I love in general who held me up when things were not at all great.  Enya's voice is like that someone's voice singing, as they held me up.  A love, much more complex and wide-ranging than just romantic love, breathes out in this song.  These words are my favorite:"Whispering world, a sigh of sighs,The ebb and the flow of the ocean tides.One breath, one word may end or may startA hope in a place of the lover's heart."Very slow and graceful.  I can feel my pulse just slowing and I can just feel myself floating and melting into caring arms with them.  Are their any slower, quieter images than these, relaxing images than these?All of her albums are welcome, because she breathes and sighs and sings so gracefully, elegantly and without any "poisons" in her words.  Her voice makes me float in this album (and it all the others).

The problem with Enya is that she is so consistently good.  It is difficult to write a review that says something different from previous reviews (having recently reviewed "A Day without Rain" and previously "Watermark").  The same words, ethereal, ephemeral, airy, haunting, and spiritual apply to each album.  The only risk is that my reviews become boring, because Enya could never be.This CD begins with the instrumental track "The Memory of Trees."  While "The Memory of Trees" is nominally an instrumental, there are voices that punctuate portions of the music.  This opening feels optimistic, though the title feels as though it is vaguely related to forests and lands gone by.  The vocals provide a chorale sound that builds and cascades around you with the feeling of great trees and landscapes greater than any of the puny works of mankind.  Great beasts wander about and smaller beasts enter and exit the brush at the edges of clearings in the great forest in a celebration of nature.The pace speeds up in the peppy "Anywhere Is."  The lyrics are poetic and symbolic and are a mirror maze of mental images.  As is frequently typical of Enya the lyrics seem to make sense until you attempt to understand them and then their meaning escapes your grasp.  In this case the song seems to be describing the paths we take in life and the choices that we make, and whether they can be unmade, and even whether the choices take us to or from the one we love.  Another unusual feature of this song is the predominant instruments which compete for attention with Enya's voice.  Typically Enya's voice stands out clearly from the instruments, which in this case are mostly strings and piano."Pax Deorum" is somewhat ominous, and fits with the following song, "Athair Ar Neamh."  Both songs are simple songs that relate to God.  "Pax Deorum" translates roughly as "The Peace of the Gods," or seeking to placate the gods.  "Athair Ar Neamh" translates approximately as "Father in Heaven."  Note that the title of the latter song appears as a line in the former song, tying both songs together, and placing an Irish Gaelic line into a Latin song.  There are moments of choral lightness in the otherwise ominous "Pax Deorum," which I believe has appeared as the background music for a commercial.  The latter song is more contemplative and ethereal and Enya allows the beauty of her voice to caress and harmonize the Irish Gaelic verses."From Where I Am" is a relatively sedate instrumental that forms a brief piano interlude leading into "China Roses."  This song manages to capture the wonder of the universe and the beauty of heaven all in one song.  This song transcends the poetic to the surrealistic both lyrically and vocally.  Once again Enya allows her voice to be a beautiful instrument to complement the strings and piano to create a work of aural art."Hope Has a Place" is the first song where the lyrics are relatively easy to understand.  The concept is simple: there is always hope where there is love.  The vocals are beautiful (again) and may remind a listener of the song Enya wrote for "The Lord of the Rings."  This song is for romantics and candle-lit dinners everywhere.Another instrumental interlude follows.  "Tea-House Moon" has some of the most interesting instrumental effects on this CD.  The mood is contemplative and traditional, though with a vaguely Asian flavor.  This instrumental is the music for a heavenly choreography.The next song changes style, again, and yet fits within the character of the album.  "Once You Had Gold" seems to allude to the transitory nature of all things, perhaps most particularly life.  There are lines that seem to say that things come and things go, and you need to accept the joys that you can get just from being here to greet the new day.  I particularly like the last line which says that there are no promises in life, that there is good and bad and that one must make the best of any situation.  The song is sung in a fairy tale style, a cautionary tale young and old.The next song translates as "The Dreamer."  The music tells you all you need to know about the words, which are surrealistic and, of course, dream-like.  The ephemeral lyrics and music bespeaks an atmosphere, a feeling, a place that can only exist in our dreams, though we might wish otherwise.  This song nearly achieves allowing us to be a creation of our imagination.At last we must awaken from the fantasy Enya has woven for us.  "On My Way Home" returns us to this place and time, but with a longing for the place we leave, the poetry that has been woven for us.  Yet, we rejoice for we return to a place of familiarity, and still, there is the memory, yes indeed, "The Memory of Trees."

Any time I want to listen to a CD that takes me into an total state of relaxation, I think of this CD.  Every song is beautiful.

If you love ENYA , you already know what I am telling you..relax and enjoy any time , any where and no matter yourmood ,you'll be improved and we can't say that about everything ,can we ?

'Trees&quot; offers Enya with more touch-you-in-your- heart selections.  Has special meaning to me due to loss of one who was special to me. Really read the words to 'On My way Home' and see if it does the same thing to your heart where one you love is concerned! A rather different type of composition from what Enya has offered in the past.&quot;Anywhere&quot; should be obligatory for Swing Choirs in the future! La Sonadora is really moving &amp; spiritual!  Great tracks for this CD.

This is one of my favorite albums of Enya's. Her voice and the music are fantastic. I listen to the album frequently, and now I can take it with me more easily.

I heard this CD at a friends and when track 4 Athear Neamh came all it was breathtaking.  The clarity of voice and the beautiful smoothness bluesy oboe-like flutey vocal range is gorgeous.  I mentioned it to my friend and she said this is her favorite Enya CD.  Admittedly I got the CD just for the one track and I'm not sorry.  This remains one of the best in my collection of great songs and I can record it alongside other greats e.g. Dean Martin or The Carpenters and Enya measures up.  My husband and I also picked out China Roses as a good track.  Rarely does one finds a CD where just the one astounding track is worth the price of an entire CD, but this is one of those jewels.

Some music touches your heart in ways nothing else can. This CD contains just such music. This music is atmospheric and uplifting. Enya has a voice like fine crystal, pure and beyond compare. The most beautiful track on this CD is Athair Ar Nearmh - it has crystal clear beauty of such quality that you can only imagine the angels of heaven being capable of achieving it - you just need to close your eyes and feel the beauty of it. I am in complete awe ...

I've only found Enyas music 3 years ago  and have enjoyed listening to it every day. Her music is very spirital and honest . Her higher power brought Rick and Roma into each other lives. I just bought  3 more of her CD's I have all but one left to buy. Over the years I have trun her music to at least a dozen people. Enya helps with my meditation and preparing for sleep every night. I listen to her before bed and find I sleep sounder.  If you like Women's music she is a must to have on your ituens, ipod ,ipads and anythinbg you listen to. Best to you Enya , I love your music and you.Melissa d

In my opinion, not one song on this album is bad. I love finding albums that can be listened to repeatedly, all the way through without skipping tracks. Believe me...this is one of those albums.

This album is wonderful. Enya's beauty voice is what makes it so wonderful. THe memory of Trees is a great album of many. I love almost every song. My father had her cd's that is how I found her. I remember hearing her music as long as I can remember, especially as a child. Now I have all her albums but 1, Shepard Moons, My father has it. Which album is unique in a different way. The memory has many great songs like the title song ,Anywhere is, Athair ar neamh, China Roses and more. The memory of trees is worth buying. I Give it 5 stars, and nothing can change that.

If for some reason you're interested in only a selection of the songs herein, the same recordings of "Anywhere Is", "China Roses", "The Memory of Trees", and "On My Way Home" have been collected on PAINT THE SKY WITH STARS.Enya composed all the music, sang all the songs, and provided all the accompaniment;  Roma Ryan wrote the lyrics; Nicky Ryan helped with the arrangements and handled the engineering and mixing. Except where noted otherwise, each song is sung in English.Enya is one of the best composers and performers I know to unwind with; another in this category is Ryan Miller, who composed the soundtracks for the video games MYST and RIVEN."The Memory of Trees" (instrumental and voices, no lyrics) Waltz tempo, opening with electronic keyboard, joined by piano. Enya joins in vocally but without words partway through. The main theme is about six notes long, continually repeated with variations. One of my two favourites on this CD, ranked only after "China Roses"."Anywhere Is" Unusually staccato for Enya, mainly string accompaniment. No percussion, some piano. The lyrics are very distinct and easy to follow except during the chorus, when the louder volume of the accompaniment and softer singing obscures the words a little. ("You go there you're gone forever / I go there I'll lose my way / if we stay here we're not together / Anywhere is")."Pax Deorum" (sung in Latin) Noticeably deeper pitched-chorus and accompaniment than usual. The accompaniment includes some percussion, in this case base drum, although the beat is mainly carried by the keyboard."Athair ar Neamh" is sung in Gaelic, with very quiet keyboard accompaniment so that Enya's voice carries the main lyrics very clearly. During the chorus, a multiple-track arrangement wherein she appears to sing with herself blurs the effect a little. Very clear and bell-like, on the whole."From Where I Am" (instrumental only) Specifically piano. As usual with Enya, her piano solo here makes me think of water imagery."China Roses" Waltz tempo again, opening with electronic keyboard, but most of the accompaniment is covered by piano. "I know that if I have heaven / there is nothing to desire; Rain and river, a world of wonder / may be paradise to me." Most of the verses contain a reference to heaven, the night sky."Hope Has a Place" I would tentatively call this waltz tempo again, but it's very slow, and the beat isn't quite regular. Enya's singing comes through very clearly herein (except for the more complex choruses, as usual). The accompaniment consists of very simple chords on an electric keyboard so as not to drown out the singing. The refrain is "Hope has a place in a lover's heart.""Tea House Moon" (instrumental) Unusually electronic feel to the keyboard carrying the melody in this one. Doesn't seem typical of Enya's work."Once You Had Gold", 'once you had silver / Then came the rains / out of the blue. / Ever and always, / always and ever," with the refrain "Time gave both darkness and dreams to you." Waltz tempo again, almost a lullaby in this instance, Enya's singing dominating the piano and keyboard accompaniment with a wordless chorus."La Sonadora" - Sung in Spanish, very drowsily, waltz tempo again. The quiet accompaniment is primarily voice with some very deep string, with organ joining in after a couple of verses."On My Way Home" - Opens with organ accompaniment, as in the later part of the previous song, but then switches to a very staccato keyboard accompanying Enya's singing. "On my way home / I remember / only good days."

Enya's hauntingly beautiful voice combined with ethereal arrangements and instrumentation continue to delight and amaze.  Sit back and feel the ages past meet in the music of today.

Some people wonder if a 24kt Gold CD is worth buying.  Let me tell you, being that I own the regular version as well, it's almost like going from stereo to Dolby Digital.  This disc also comes with a bonus booklet with  some very beautiful pictures of Enya, many I've never seen elsewhere, with  japanese writing all over it.  This has my 2nd favorite cover (Shepherd  Moons is my first).  After you see the cover and open the case the inside  reveals the same picture but with her head down (as if she is crying).  Pax  Deorum sounds really good.  Many people don't realise it was used as music  for the trailer to the film, Dragonheart.  One technical note for those  people buying Paint The Sky With Stars to save money, when you buy it, the  China Roses track is cut off by Shepherd Moons.  You only get the complete  fade out here on this disc.  There's not more to say other than I am 25 and  have been listening to Enya since I was a teenager.  She's beautiful and  has the voice of an Angel.  I wish more female vocalists would aspire to be  more like her instead of, well, you know.  Bottom Line:24kt Gold Discs are  worth it.

Released five years after 'Shepherd Moons', during which 'The Celts' had been re-released, 'The Memory of Trees' was much-anticipated by fans of Enya, and turned out to be only slightly less impressive than the previous  two albums.The Christmassy lead single, 'Anywhere Is', set the tone  excellently - an extremely simple and addictive tune, repeated constantly,  it was fun, and not at all serious. The rest of the album seemed a  reflection of this, and as with 'Watermark' it was a generally cheery  collection. Still, despite an excellent set of opening songs, the album  seemed to bog down into too many ballads towards the end ('La Sonadora',  although introducing Spanish to Enya's vocabulary, went on and on and on),  despite the presence of the rousing 'On my way home' as a closing song. The  title track seemed uncomfortably close to being a cliche, too.Despite  all that, it was business as before - the production seemed more earthy and  less ethereal, and 'On my way home' was the closest thing to a mainstream  single Enya has ever done.

The music was well done and Enya definitely has a beautiful voice. The quality of the music and vocal capacity led me to purchase several of her cds.

The Memory of Trees is a stirring almost mesmerizing production of this VERY TALENTED timeless voice.  I actually have all of her CD's and have 'Enya days&#34; when it is just her, me and my 3 legged mutt.  He loves her too!  love, maureen

This excellent work by ENYA, takes the listener back, back to a simpler, but grand time, her work in this "Memory of Trees" brings out many many emotions, and makes the listener feel good, happy, and thankful for ENYA, for her great music in song and words. There is no other like her.........many thanks to you, Enya, for all your works of wonder......

(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively "Anywhere Is", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, "China Roses" is the most delicately crafted song. However, "Once You Had Gold" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. "On My Way Home" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection.

At first listening to this CD, the music sounds a lot like that on the Watermark album.  But upon a second listening, the music sounds different, though of the same style.  The tone and pace of the music on this album is similar to that of other albums, but the melodies are different.  This album has both instrumental and singing, and both are enjoyable.  This album makes for great background music, whether over dinner, eating, or napping.

My god, this album is too much.  This is a great album.  My favorite tracks are: &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot;(which means &quot;father in heaven&quot;), &quot;Hope Has A Place&quot;, &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot; and &quot;The Memory Of Tress&quot;.  Enya's voice is so beautiful.  I have all her albums, and I hope she's coming out with another one very soon.  I heard a rumor she's coming out with a new album on October 17, 2000, that could be false informantion, but that's what I heard.  Look for it anyway.  Anyway, you must buy this album, it's beautiful.

Not that bad, but it's not the melodies I'm used to listen from Enya and contains some melodies from other recordings.

What an enchanting collection this is. I fell in love with Enya's music right from her first hit `Orinocco flow' and have been a fan ever since.Enya's haunting and ethereal voice, coupled with rich, magical musical arrangements, layered dreamy sounding backing vocals, and lyrics sung in English, Latin, and Gaelic, set her aside form all other new age artists.Opening track `Memory of trees' is a beautiful instrumental with angelic voices flitting in and out.`Anywhere is' has an upbeat tempo, cutting strings, lush instrumentation, and poetic lyrics.`Tea-house moon' is an instrumental with a Chinese sound. Magical keyboards (I think) set against a delicate backdrop. Beautiful! Just as delicate is `La So&ntilde;adora' with very ethereal vocals against a gently brooding soundscape. Then there's the tender piano instrumental `From where I am'.`Pax deorum' (sung in latin) will have you checking to see you're not in a monastery. Very religious sounding!The absolute standout has got to be `Athair ar nearmh' (sung in Gaelic). This song is stunning! Angelic vocals, delicate piano, with delicate strings sweeping in and out. Mournful sounding but outstanding!A magical, delicate, angelic experience!

This is one of my absolute favorite Enya CD's. Watermark is also great. I also like in a similar way the CD's by Enya's sister and Genie Nilsson's Whisper.

I don't like to give things five stars, but I just couldn't help it with this album: it's that good.This was my first Enya selection, my second favorite (after &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;) and I think it's the best one to start with. EVERY song on here is superb. There's not one song I don't skip: something hard to say about music now days. All the songs are beautiful, and this CD is in my player almost all the time. I'm sure you'll find it the same for you. &quot;Memory of Trees&quot; is absolutely wonderful, it's a song that &quot;gets you right here&quot; and makes you feel a way that can't be described. The rising and falling of the voices and music from a gentle, quiet melody to an emotional swell... it's something EVERYONE should experience. &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; is another outstanding track, but, like I said, all are exceptional.You can't go wrong with Enya; you really can't. This is a great album, though, and I really encourage new comers to Enya to try this one out first: I guarantee you won't be disappointed.

Perfect packaging.  Fast delivery.  Would definitely purchase from this seller again. Fantastic sound - her best yet.

According to me Watermark, Shepherd Moons and The Memory Of Trees represent Enya's golden trio. They complement each other in a perfect way and her music is both beautiful and powerful. The CD covers are also very beautiful and poetic. My personal favourite on The Memory Of Trees is her well known hit Anywhere Is, but the album contains lots of great tracks such as the title track (perhaps her best instrumental track so far), Pax Deorum, Athair Ar Neamh, China Roses, Tea-House Moon and On My Way Home. The Memory Of Trees is perfect to play in autumn and winter when the darkness falls. I promise you it will be a moment full of feelings.Here comes a short description of the tracks on The Memory Of Trees:1. The Memory Of Trees - Instrumental; great, very beautiful, special*2. Anywhere Is - English; great, wonderful, special*3. Pax Deorum - Latin & Gaelic; great, pretty powerful, special*4. Athair Ar Neamh - Gaelic; very beautiful, special*5. From Where I Am - Instrumental; beautiful, relaxing6. China Roses - English; very beautiful, special*7. Hope Has A Place - English; very beautiful, relaxing, special*8. Tea-House Moon - Instrumental; very beautiful, relaxing9. Once You Had Gold - English; beautiful, relaxing10. La So&ntilde;adora - Spanish; beautiful, special*11. On My Way Home - English; great, beatuiful, special** Hard to say why these songs are special, but perhaps because they don't sound like any other musical stuff. There's only one person that's able to create songs like these and her name is - Enya. You must hear them, but don't forget to try her other albums such as Watermark and Shepherd Moons.

There is no one like Enya, buy this album and everything else she has, she brings light, peace and happiness to life.

All songs are wonderful. I bought this based on a few songs I heard at someone's house a few years ago: On my way home, Anywhere is, Hope has a place, China Roses. Really sonorous album. Highly recommend

I've been listening to Enya since the early 90's. My first album collected was Sheppard Moons and 7 albums later, I still enjoy the peaceful songs that Enya provides. I really don't differentiate any of the songs on any album as I just mix them all together into one big playlist and enjoy.

THIS ALBUM LIKE OTHERS IS REALLY BEAUTIFUL, THE ALBUM STARTS WITH THE MEMORY OF TREES-A BEAUTIFUL INSTRUMENTAL &amp; VOICES, THEN GOES ONTO ANYWHERE IS, ANOTHER BRILL TRACK, PAX DEORUM IS VERY CLASSICAL IN SOUND, FROM WHERE I AM IS AN ELEGANT PIANO INSTRUMENTAL.  CHINA ROSES IS A BEAUTIFUL LOVE SONG HOPE HAS A PLACE REMINDS YOU OF PREVIOUS ENYA TRACKS LIKE EXILE &amp; EVACUEE. TEAHOUSE MOON IS A CATCHY KEYBOARD INSTRUMENTAL AND ONCE YOU HAD GOLD IS SIMILAR TO MARBLE HALLS IN SOUND AND THEN WE GET TO THE SPANISH TRACK: LA SONADORA AND TO FINISH IS THE UP BEAT TRACK:- ON  MY WAY HOME.

Enya - The Memory of Trees (1995)In certain circles, such as my profession, massage therapy, Enya is ubiquitous. People tend to get really tired of hearing her all the time. E.O. - Enya Overdose - can be an unpleasant, almost sickly experience. Aside from that, I think some people are just jealous of her enormous popularity. I just learned that her "Day Without Rain" CD which came out in 2000 was the 16th highest seller of the last decade.But she's wildly popular for good reasons. One could say her music is synthesized plastic, but it's beautiful, soothing plastic . . . what's not plastic is Enya's sweet, melodic voice (at least I HOPE it's not plastic! - I sincerely doubt she uses auto-tune). Enya's been accused of being soulless - harsh! - but sometimes you'd rather hear something calming, pleasant and pretty instead of some gut-wrenching Aretha Franklin or Janis Joplin weeper, wouldn't you?The following is a song-by-song breakdown of the album to give readers an idea of which tracks they might like to sample before getting the whole album:"The Memory of Trees" - a majestic, cinematic opener. No lyrics, it serves as a wonderful prelude. *****"Anywhere Is" - I know some people like this one but I find it unbearable. To me, it's too cloying, "sing-songy" and flat-out dorky. It's just too "jaunty" for my tastes. I'm forced to program the songs on my CD player whenever I want to hear this album because I refuse to listen to this one (and of course, I program only certain songs from this album for massage). I was shocked to see it on Enya's Greatest Hits collection. *"Pax Deorum" - Quite different than anything else here, this track has an ominous, pulsing sound which makes me think of impending war in some Medieval or Lord of the Rings setting. Enya chants most of the words, sung in Gallic, in a low register. I never use it for massage but it's an interesting track if yer in the mood for it. ***1/2"Athair Ar Neamh" - Another one sung in Gallic, this soft, restrained song is one of the most beautiful on the album. *****+"From Where I Am" - is a short instrumental with only piano and some very subtle atmospheric touches. A sweet melody. *****"China Roses" - possibly Enya's best song ever. Sounds like floating through heaven. Magical! *****+"Hope Has a Place" - a gentle song about love. ****1/2"Tea-House Moon" - a pretty instrumental, vaguely Oriental. ****"Once You Had Gold" - another, soft, sweet song with a gorgeous melody. ****1/2"La Sonadora" - is a subtle, slightly somber track sung in Spanish. ****"On My Way Home" - begins with some rolling, old-school synth sounds reminiscent of her first album and soon bursts with bright energy. A fitting finale. ****

It seems like anyone can listen to Enya. I'm a college student, and I constantly hear her sweet vocals coming out of many dorm rooms. This album just proves that she still has it. I can't wait for the next one! :)

I'm an Enya fan, to be sure, and this CD offers a nice  &quot;mix&quot;,(for lack of a better word) of styles. &quot;Pax  Deorum&quot; with it's chilling Latin refrains. &quot;La Sonadora&quot;  having a Spanish torreador ballad feeling, and the absolutely beautiful  refrains in &quot;Athair Ar Seamh&quot; display her vocal and writing  talents. And who can deny that &quot;China Roses&quot; is one of the most  smooth,sweet vocal pieces to grace a CD?? The Memory of Trees is a stellar  Enya disc!

Enya has one of the most beautiful voices of this day. Her voice is fitting for the style of music she sings. Clear as a bell, her voice is airy and light, as she sings in English, Latin, or Gaelic. There is a lot of power in her voice. The music she chooses supports her voice appropriately, and adds to her sound. She has the ability to conjure up images with each note she sings. Like all of her previous albums, this one is again excellent.There are a many great songs on this album. "China Roses" has that airy sound that Enya is well known for. She sings the backing vocal as an arpeggio of three long notes of just her voice. Over it, she sings the lyrics of the song in her crisp tone, almost like a crystal bell ringing. The Latin sounding "Pax Deorum" has a medieval sound to it. Again, she utilizes her voice singing in the background, to add counterpoint to the lyrics.  "Anywhere Is" sounds like the perfect single for the album. Much more upbeat than the other songs, it has a very staccato feel making it a very energetic song. On the opposite end of the spectrum is "Hope Has a Place". Here her voice has a very haunting quality to it, made even more so with the organ playing behind her. It is a very beautiful song.I'm amazed at how Enya can keep making new albums that sound similar to her previous ones, yet be totally new for the listener as well. Her voice is aging well, and she seems to improve with each passing album. I hope to hear much more from her in the future, as there is always room in my collection for her beautiful voice.

Very low-priced cd arrived in a timely manner and was in condition as described.  Very pleased with my purchase.

Already have this CD and love it. When my granddaughter was very young, I never had any trouble settling her down to sleep if this CD was playing. She's 13 now, and I decided to give her a CD for herself.

Remember when you were but a small child, and when you had trouble falling asleep your parents would come and bring you into a lull with nursery rhymes? In short, that's what "The Memory Of Trees" is, a collection of sweet and hushed songs designed to put one at ease and carry them into a peaceful sleep. Now one would think that since the title of the album deals with trees, the whole work itself would have an environmental theme to each of its songs, but it does not. Enya started this cycle when her debut album "The Celts" featured celtic chants and jigs, her second album "Watermark" had a collection of water themed songs, and her third album "Shepherd Moons" had songs that dealt with a world beyond this one. Actually, "The Memory Of Trees" does a very nice job of breaking this cycle, because there are only a few songs that deal with anything related to trees or the environment, and all of them are highlights of the album. These include "The Memory Of Trees", which is the opening track and one of her best songs ever composed, "China Roses", a beautifully crafted pastorale and "La Sonadora", a descriptive narration of dreams of landscapes. This album is probably one of the few Enya collections that have 3 instrumental tracks, all of which are very nice transitions to each section of the album. I do not advise you to play the album in its entirety in your car, because you will surely fall asleep. True that's the greatest strength of the album, but also its fatal weakness. If you manage to stay awake through all eleven lullabies, your purchase was very well worth it.

I started my Enya collection with The Celts, and quickly added Shepherd Moons and Watermark, and I really liked those.A few years later I got The Memory of Trees, and I was disappointed.  Although there were some good pieces on this, it really wasn't as good as those first three.  It seems that this just lacks originality.That might seem a bit unfair, because 'lack of originality' may be attributed primarily to my familiarity with Enya's music, so that anything she does is going to start sounding just like her previous work.  However, some of the selections on this release seemed weak.Another way of putting this is that this release was too commercial.  It just appeared to have been cranked out for the money.

Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music.

I have been a fan of Enya's music ever since the release of her second  album Watermark and after listening to this particular offering, I can  safely say it is the most exquisite music I have ever heard.  The vocal  layering and music form an absolutely magical sound that is uniquely Enya's  own;  and in combination with Roma Ryan's poetic lyrics, this is definitely  a match made in musical heaven.  There are no misses here as every song can  stand on it's own merit.  If you enjoy Enya's music this is an absolute  must have for your collection.  She just keeps getting better....

This is positively one of the best albums ever released by Enya.  This album is filled with such powerful songs as 'Pax Deorum' and 'La Sonadora' that you will never want to listen to anything else.  From the very first song, 'The Memory of Trees', you will be enthralled and drawn by the music of this album.  These tunes are great to listen to when you are feeling down or sad, or pretty much any time.  These songs will captivate your heart with their powerful message and make you not want to let go or turn it off.I would suggest this album to any Enya fan right away, and even to those who have never heard Enya sing before.  You will get a great impression of her songs and be more interested to buy her other albums.

A great CD as have been all of her's.  She and her team are truly great artists.

I heard this on an on-line station and had to have it. It is high quality and if you haven't heard Enya sing, you're missing something glorious.

This music is pure joy. Every track is a masterpiece. If you don't adore Enya after hearing this, you should see a doctor.

I have other Enya recordings. I find them to be relaxing and use them when I am riding and teaching my horse new moves.

Enya is amazing, her voice is angelic, I have not heard anything by her I don't like. This is my favorite CD of her's however but I recommend Enya as a musician to everyone. Great for meditation as well.

I lost most of my music collection to divorce.  This was my favorite CD by Enya and I just had to replace ir first.  Enya is the best musical artist out there for reflective music.

Not since Watermark have I heard Enya so inspired and focused in her  music.  If you have received her efforts since watermark with mixed  feelings, as I have, you will be extremely impressed with The Memory of  Trees.  This CD takes you far away from the monotonous daily grind and  transports you to another world.  In this CD, Enya's rare gift for crafting  uniquely beautiful abstractions into music shines thru in all its  brilliance for the first time in quite awhile.

I love Enya!  I especially love the songs on this recording.  It is a connection that I feel to my brother as he loved his garden, but this is part of our Irish heritage.

The Memory Of Trees begins with the stunning titletrack, a great mix of voices and instrumental sounds, this is one of Enya's best songs. Anywhere Is has a great rythm and is catchy. Pax Deorum is a latin song and very haunting. It's like you're in a storm finding a place to schelter. The fourth song is Athair Ar Neamh; it's sung in Gaelic, I think. I see that it means &quot;Father In Heaven&quot;. Thank you other Amazon reviewer! From Where I Am is an instrumental track and it sort of lulls you to sleep. Then there is China Roses, a very romantic song about a dreamlike world, a sort of dream, I think. Hope Has A Place is another highlight of this record. Just great lyrics, and a soothing atmosphere. Thea House Moon is another instrumental track. It's not my favourite track, but still good. Track number nine is Once You Had Gold. Listen carefully to the lyrics again, just magic. La Sonadora is a spooky ballad, sung in Spanish? I don't know, but another highlight of The Memory Of Trees. And then there is the final track, On My Way Home. On Paint The Sky With Stars.. The Best Of Enya, you can hear the edited version. This one is longer and much more beautiful. A great ending to one of the best cd's ever made!

This CD is absolutley FANTASTIC!!! How can this woman do this over and over again?!?!?!?  This CD is relaxing, and I think the songs found this CD are like the day's intervals of a person's daily activities.  The song "The Memory of Trees" is like the arousal of a person from sleep, and greeting the morning sun or the welcoming of a spring rain.  The song sings of itself: a tree's memory of its youth.  Not ... only [do I]REALLY enjoy THIS song,  but I also enjoy the songs of "Pax Deorum", "Althair Ar Neamh", "China Roses", "Hope Has a Place", "Tea House Moon", and "On My Way Home".  This CD is absolutely relaxing, serene, and caliming to the tempestuous spirit.  I fall asleep with having visions as I am listening to this CD.

Any fans of Enya will enjoy this newest addition to her collection. This was purchased as a gift for my wife. She enjoys listening to it during quiet time with the kids.

This is one of the most beautiful albums I have ever heard.  I often put it on &#34;auto repeat&#34; and listen to it for hours at a time, because I actually cry with joy as I listen to it, it's so inspiring.With it's sheer beauty and &#34;healing powers&#34;, I have just purchased a copy of the album (and also &#34;Watermark&#34;) to give to my sister-in-law to help her grieve, reconcile, and heal from the loss of her only child, her son, in a horrible freeway crash which wasn't his fault.Children are not supposed to die first...

Most of the songs on this are pretty good, but this album isn't as great as The Celts, Shepherd Moons, and Watermark.  One song I do like very much on this one is Athair Ar Neamh.

Awesome!!

This has to be Enya's most saddest album.  Every time I hear the first opening chords of the title track, I can't help but burst right into tears.  There's a reason she titled the song (and the album) "The Memory of Trees," and while listening to that opening song you actually understand how and why she did this.  This probably isn't a very easy listen to those that are not already fans, but ... it does offer a bit of everything.  Aside from the emotional title track, there's the poppy "Anywhere Is"; the dark, somewhat scary, "Pax Deorum"; the beautiful ballad "China Roses"; and the fun "Tea House Moon."  Other Enya fans will know what I mean when I say this album has variety.My favorite Enya album to date is "A Day Without Rain," but this one is right up there, too.  It's good music to listen to during dinner or when you're laying in bed, or just trying to relax.  At my house, Enya is always playing no matter what.  And that's the way I like it.  :)

I remember the controversy of this style of music back in the 90's. I never understood the controversy and still have no time for the over-politically correct ways of thinking. This collection of music is amazing, soothing and beautiful. To date I have not found another collection in this style of music that is as uplifting and enjoyable to listen too. Thank you Enya.

