Very good...

I have not yet tried it. however, it looks O.K.so, I can't recommend it as yet; I will when I try it

...I bought my printer some weeks ago and now I'm out of black ink!!Very soon I will have spent more money in ink cartridges than the cost of the printer.I'm dissapointed with  HP. That didtn't happened with my old HP 692C.

This ink cartridge did not arrive with the traditional retail packaging, and I knew I was in for trouble when I opened it and the brochure in the box was dated February 2003.  Judging by the ink's performance, the ink probably WAS ten years old.  I couldn't get a single decently printed sheet, just a few sentences on a page and the rest was incredibly faint.  After a few pieces of paper, the ink stopped flowing altogether.  I shook the cartridge and could hear some liquid sloshing, so it wasn't empty.  I suspect that the cartridge was so old that the ink had possibly partially congealed - most definitely, something was keeping it from flowing out properly.My big mistake was not opening the box and checking out the cartridge right away - I waited till my current cartridge ran out, and by then it was too late to return the defective cartridge.  I won't make that mistake again.  And I'm not likely to buy cheap HP printer ink on Amazon again any time soon.  I went to Wal Mart for my next ink cartridge.

Hi..I am happy with the quick result for HP15 ink cartridge printing 495 pages. I would appreciate if the comparative list of all HP and other brands number of pages per cartridge can be achieved at a glance.Thanks.

I actually needed this inject cartridge for work because mu company moved away from individual printers but I handle confidential work so I don't like to send things to the department printer.  These cartridges are equivalent to the one's we used to get directly from HP.

The only complaint  I would mention is that it is packaged without an expiration date and is not in newer HP package.

I received my order within a couple of days.  It was not a remanufactured cartridge, which is what you get when you buy from some of these ink places online.  I was very satisfied.

bought this product along with the colored ink and both work well as it is meant to be used..also intend to get it refilled at costco

I agree, ink is ink.  The price here is better than the big box stores, and it ships free which mercifully keeps me out of the big box stores.

Typical HP cartridge at a good price, considering ink prices have gone sky high over the past year or so.  I have four HP printers, using different cartridges and it seems I "rebuy" the printers every year or so with ink costs.

I always use HP ink for my printer.  I have found it very reliable, never smudgy, and worth the few extra dollars.  HOWEVER, see my review of the seller.  Amazon working with sellers that rip people is the reason I lowered my rating.  Product=great.  Buying process=the pits.  I expect more from amazon and the people it partners with.

Have ordered several of these and have always had good luck with them and hope to keep buying these in the future.

This ink came quickly and was in good working order.  I would order again.

The date on the packaging was 2009.  When printing the ink is not dark enough to read.  Ink was 4 yrs. after expiration.

I purchased two of these cartridges and I really didn't try them.  I gave away the old printer, the 845C, due to the cost of the cartridges.Although they cost less by purchasing online, I prefer to buy locally.

First of all, let me say I am extremely happy with the seller's response. Problem was that while it was in the original packaging, it had expired 4 months ago. The packaging was taped up and looked like it had been battered. When I opened it I discovered the expiration date. I contacted the seller who immediately apologized and gave me a full refund. Also, didn't want the one sent to me returned. This is the kind of seller I sincerely appreciate. Said he or she didn't realize it was old and was taking immediate steps to check the other cartridges in stock.

The product was what I expect. I do not have problem with it.  I use it to my universty project

worked great and very fast shipping, will order again, the price of a new cartridge i thought about just buying a new printer, its almost as cheap to replace the printer than to replace a new ink cartridge.glad i found this cartridge on amazon, and will buy from again, and ill stock up on black and color cartridges. great service

Good product, works well and inexpensive. Will buy more before they run out. Did not dry out fast like my old printer

It seems most of the sellers for this item are selling expired/old cartridges.  Check the list of sellers and you can see their comments.  There should be a separate amazon item listed for expired cartridges to weed them out from the legit new cartridges.I bought from BargainBound (the default seller at that time) and nowhere did I see anything about expiration date.  Once I discovered it, they gladly took the item back.  I just wish I had known beforehand.

I have had my HP DeskJet 812C  for many years and it is nice to know I can get affordable ink for it.

Ink came in a small white box, no idea if it was HP or had been refilled. If you want to return it you pay shipping. I wonder how long it's been expired, can't tell - no HP box.

Had no issues, Got what I wanted and fast!  I would order from this store again.Thank you for your service.

Thank you for your excellent response and the outstanding quality of the product ordered.  I will tell everyone I know about you, and urge them to look to you first for all their printer supplies needs.  I certainly will.Thank you for being here.

It is printer ink. WHAT am I to say. it fits my printer and works like I expected it to do

Good prince. Came when expected and as promised when ordered.  Original packaging and sealed in the foiled pack so it has to be good.

No parking problems.  No waiting in line to check out.  No "sorry but that item is out of stock". Plus, the price was less than my office supply store!

Exactly what I needed.  Because the printer is so old it's impossible to find them locally anymore. Thanks so much.

The cartriges were what I expected and appear to have been delivered without being damaged by the cold (the first cartridge is in my printer and working as expected).

I always use Original HP ink in my HP Printer.  I find the print quality to be better that way.  The Original HP 15 Black Ink Cartridge I ordered from Amazon.com was priced right and delivery was quick.  I am now enjoying quality prints again.

Pure and simple...for the best printing quality for your HP printer, always buy their OEM cartridges. If you want to play Russian roulette, buy a remanufactured one.

Wal Mart says they have the cheapest stuff, but this product is almost $40 at Wal Mart. If you are in no hurry, but need this cartridge, get it here. If you are willing to wait even longer go super saver shipping. The product is good and by getting it here you are getting a good deal.

I needed it to print, it fits, it works,  now I can print I am happy.You will be too....lol

Older cartridge are more expensive! Got great deal. And they are harder to find.I love this site. I use it a lot.

it took so long to get here I got it elsewhere and sent this one back. my only bad experience with amazon

I have used the H/P 15 & 23 for my Deskjet 812C for several years, The quality has always been good

All cartridges especially HP ones run out of ink way too quickly.  This particular cartridge seems to take it to another level.  It is a little difficult to install but that is more a printer problem but there is guilt through association.  I would look for a compatible cartridge if one exists.

Ink was expired, did not work, did not bother with it and just paid 5 dollars to refill at walgreens.

Came in a timely fashion and works beautifully.

Cartridge was completely inoperative.  I need a replacement.  The shippment took nearly a month but it was during Christmas Season.

I received this cartridge very quickly, but I haven't used it yet, so I can't really comment on the quality.

I purchased the HP 15 Black Ink Cartridge (C6615DN) recently and printed 20 pages. It ran out of ink! It is now showing faded red. Is there any recourse for this defective product? I paid about $28 for it and it is useless. Any ideas?? Is Amazon responsible for a refund or a replacement?I appreciate any help.

My first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my HP Deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped printing. I replaced it with a new cartridges but it refused to work at all. While repeatingly trying to reinstall it as tech support suggested, the etch tore. When examing the inside of the printer, I found that black ink had splattered around inside the mechanism area indicating a leakage.  The next new cartridge would not work either. $$ wasted.  Tech support said to have the printer repaired -- ya sure (after only one year of moderate home use and the warantee had ran out). Printer repair would cost me more a new one.

So sad to bought the HP 948 printer, the ink is very lousy, I print in HP paper it look still ok, but the HP paper no water proof. If I print in other photo paper, the black ink after dry will turn bluish. It should be the ink quality not good. I try the same photo paper (other brand) using the Canon S800 printer, the black color is black, not like HP black ink turn bluish. And Canon printer print very smooth photo, really like the photo, no gain!

Lowest price and quickest deliver for the original HP15 black ink cartridge.  No complaints.

I was disappointed to see that the cartridge has an expiration date of 2009 and we are in 2013.  I think it should have been indicated with the item.

I bought one from a store, which didn't work, so I thought I'd try Amazon.com. Well the one I order from here didn't work, either. Rather than go through all the rigamarole, I just bought a new printer.  I've had no luck with HP products.  The printer I had bought this ink for did nothing buteat expensive cartridges--when it decided to actually work, that is. Save your money and get a better printer.

This is the Ink Cartridge I need for my HP Printer and the price t Amazon was just right, so I purchased it.  I rated it a 4 star only because I have to shake it often to keep the ink print even.

I bought 3 of these cartridges but none worked.  I have an HP 750 that requires a number 15, but this cartridge made the printer respond with "wrong cartridge."  I was not too happy.  All three did the same thing.

I inserted this item in my computer printer and the printer would not recognize it. It has been stored in my desk drawer since it was purchased in the received packaging. I reinstalled the old cartridge and the printer recognized it.

This product did not work properly in my printer a HP PSC 950xi.  I am waiting for a response to my request to return the four cartridges for a credit.

What can I say, it's an ink cartridge. You get a lot of pages out of it, its great quality, and thats about it.

We needed to purchase a hard to find HP cartridge and this one was the correct one to buy.  I appreciated the ease with which I could order this and having a decent price to choose from.

I was expecting a twin package like the picture, but it was two single packs and I haven't had to use it yet to see if they work.  It did come quickly and I think it will work fine.

Great price, great original product and got in the time wanted.I recommend it.

I bought this ink deal. It was delivered as promised, even before it was promised. It is not the ink that is advertized in the picture or in the description. Doing just a bit of detective work on the internet shows that this product is a product member of Made-In-China.com. That in itself is not bad but there claim that you will receive HP ink in original HP packaging is CRAP. This is really made by  Linkcolor Technology Co., Ltd not by or on beahlf of HP. There is a "similar" HP sticker on the cartridge, obviously a FAKE. I cannot imagine that HP would embrace this use of their name in the selling of ink products made by Linkcolor Technology Co., Ltd. Here is a bit more about the manufactureLINKCOLOR Technology Co., Ltd. is professional manufacturer for inkjet cartridge and toner cartridge , our goods quality as ISO 9001:2000 & CE systerm , and got this certification .We are specializing in producing and selling compatible/remanufactured inkjet cartridges and refill kits for Epson, Canon, HP and Lexmark inkjet printers, toner cartridges for HP laser printers.We have Executive Dept., Production Dept., R & D Group, and Quality Control Center. Our capability is 500, 000 pieces each item per month. All the cartridges were strictly tested in printers before package. With imported qualified sponge and USA Vink pure ink, all of our cartridges are guaranteed to perform as same as original ones and can match excellently with Epson, Canon & HP printers.Most importantly, we offer you exceptional quality products at unbeatable prices and we stand behind each product with a full money back guarantee.In China, we have our own brand, it is "Linkcolor". OEM orders are welcome. To meet different requirements, our factory has perfected a set of services, such as professional design, logo printing and fine packing. success is our ultimate objective. We guarantee on-time delivery, satisfied quality and will do our best to offer the best services.Welcome to inquire us, cooperate with us and authorize us to do machining, sincerely hope we will build a long-term, mutual benefit business relation, and make common progress in the future.BUYER BE WEAR...IF ITS TO GOOD TO BE TRUE IT PROBABLY IS!

The product was damaged. It did not work for my printer. Looks like it was not original as it was posted. I had to buy a new cartridge. Not buying it again.

For my little printer, HP 940C, (that's about as old as I am), I'm glad I found this #15 printer cartridge on Amazon.com.  I've been looking in all the stores and no one seems to stalk it anymore.  I does a great job for what I have to do.

It was inexpensive and the quality was very good--the ink was fresh and the printer the cartridge is for could print plenty of black & white pages with this high-yield cartridge.

I threw out the cartridge that emptied out of many troubleshooting tries and put in the other cartridge. Frustrating. Doing online college classes and didn't have time to waste dealing with this.

So glad to have found a source I can trust. Getting more and more difficult to find in local storesfor some reason. And at a much lower cost! A 1 Service.

I was shopping at wal-mart and was shocked at how much they wanted for this ink cartridge.  I looked it up on amazon and found it for 1/2 the price.  I ordered it and it works just like it's supposed to.

Very difficult to find cartridge.  HP no longer supplies this to retailers.  Love the printer, an All-in one HP V40 which I had to replace temporarily because I couldn't find the ink cartridge.

These cartridges are for our fax, copy machine and have worked very well.  I bought them because they are new and because of the price.

This supplier was quick to me. Living in a rural area with no suppliers close by 6 days is quick. The price wasn't too bad. The product appears to be as stated. I haven't used the ink cartridge yet so I can't state what the quality of the product is like. I would like to review this supplier again when I actually use the product. If the quality of the product proves to be good I will use this supplier again.

Product performed as expected.  Just like my last cartridge I bought from HP only way less $$$.  Would buy again.

glad I found refills to fit favorite pen - now it goes everywhere in my purse - use it all the time

Easy to order, and it works great for my mom's really old printer&#8230;and I didn't have to go searching at Staples or anywhere else...

Great.... seems to be lasting well in my classroom desk printer. The printer is old, so who knows what may happen!

When the deal is too good..should have known better..stupid product could not print even one page....just sacrifice $ 30 and get a real one or invest in a new printer with cheaper ink....good luck!

Prompt shipping-saved me a trip to the malls for my printing supplies. Makes it easy for us senior citizens to get supplies.

I did not receive what was pictured. However I did receive original HP cartridges. Not happy I did not receive what was pictured . I would not have purchased if I had known  I would not receive the HP twin pack.

The black cartridge seems to be working alright at this time.  I have always been happy with HP products products that I have purchased

You can find this cartridge at any computer or printer store, but even with shipping you will probably pay more.  In the very rare event that it's faulty (unlikely), Amazon.com will give you a new one.  Hewlett-Packard makes great accessories and I found these cartridges to last longer than most with more "ink low" warning time than others give.

I was very satisfied with the products, the cost and the promptness of the shipping. I do hope that these products can be even lees money as we go forward.

Granted, I ordered this cartridge over a year ago (May 2011 from the vendor JAMinnovations) for my HP Deskjet 845C and just now needed to install it.  The cartridge that was in my deskjet (purchased by the way from inkjetcartridges dot com) lasted over a year - printing about 12-20 pages per week.  It finally went dry, so I installed this one - figuring since it was a genuine HP cartridge in retail packaging (which it wasn't - it was a white box, busted open, with instructions stuck on the outside) that it would work great.  But maybe if it really was an original HP product, since they probably don't make these for this older printer, it was dried up long ago.  Anyway, I immediately ordered another cartridge from Amazon (OfficeMax Black Ink Cartridge Compatible with HP 15 (C6615DN) OM98673 Sold by Speedy Inks, $8.99).  It arrived today, I installed it & it works great!  It was packaged very well, is fresh, isn't an "original" HP cartridge, but I don't think that matters for these older printers.  It also has a "use by" date on it of 2014.  I'll review that cartridge also.

The cartridge must have been very old. It dried up after printing only a few pages. I found no expiration date on the packaging.

This was my first experience with Amazon.com; it is misfortunate that my experience was not good one. January of 2010 I bought from you a HP inkjet print cartridge #15 black. Receiving the cartridge the expiration date was April of 2004. I am returning the cartridge to you unopened. I want a complete refund including shipping cost.

I am extremely pleased with the superior printing quality offered by the  HP #15 cartridge, even with plain copy machine paper. The text is crisp and  sharp with no smearing. It gives my text documents the professional quality  that I demand, and the graphics are simply beautiful. Laser quality at an  ink jet price. Nice.

I was worried that the cartridges would leak, but they worked well and gave me nice clear copies.  Will buy them again.

I've use my printer moderately for about 4 years now with this ink. I had to change the ink for the first time a few weeks ago. It lasts very long and I am happy with it.

I'm so happy to find a good deal on HP cartridges. All of my printers are HP & I love their products but it's hard to find cartridges for a reasonable price. I found it here so needless to say, I'll be back!

The price was good but I had to visit the post office twice to pick it up. It was so annoying.

I couldn't find this product anywhere and then Amazon came to mind.  Of course you had it.  I am a writer and the right ink cartridge is very important.Tkank You

It arrived on time but one of the cartridge did not print.  I used the other cartridge and it worked so I know it is the cartridge

Friend I ordered this for said it was fine.  I had used her printer for lots of printing and ordered this for her as a replacement.  Don't know if she would order a similar product from this vendor since I have lost touch with her, but she was pleased with it when it arrived.

I always had a good experience using this product. This order was very disappointing. I printed a document when I first received theorder and everything was fine. I came back last night to print and the document was fadey and the printing was intermittent . I need a refund.

working good, words are clear, no smudging. I can't think of what to write more because ink is ink.ok for my printer

It was cheaper to get this cartridge shipped from Amazon ($8.94) to my home than to go to the local Walgreens and fill the cartridge for $10+tax. Amazing! And it works great - in fact better than the original cartridge I had in there before.

The title says all that needs to be said. It is a bit hard to find HP ink for the old printer! The previous replacement was a cheap refilled cartridge which always smudged.

Glad I ordered 2 cartridges.  The first one opened was faulty (blank lines across the page) and after 3 days, stopped working altogether.  The second cartridge opened is perfect in every way. Will try to resolve the bad cartridge issue with Databazaar.

I own a Hp Deskjet 920c color printer. I have never had a problem with any purchase of the Hp Ink. I have purchased from retailers ... as well as Amazon. My last 4 purchases for this product has been from Amazon with absolutely no problems. The black is black the colored Ink is excellent as well. I run a home based buisness and creating newsletters is one of the tasks I perform almost daily. I also print out Pictures on Photo paper with awesome results. My review is 5 stars for the ink 5 stars for the printer!

Easy to order. Shipped and received in very timely manner.

cartridge was dry and did not work.. It said it was original but appeared refurbished. will not buy it again

I gave it 5 stars because the inkject cartriges worked like they should. I gave it 5 stars because the inkject cartriges worked like they should.

What;s to say, they're the real deal. Work great in my printers. I always have problems when using re-fills. No more refills for me!

Received 4 separate packs. Use by date was August of 2010. This being 2013, not so sure that it will work...The retail package pictured was supposedly last produced in 2005...

I got this cartridge along with the other needed for my friends printer.  It arrived in a timely manor.  My friend is happy with my purchase.  I will order when ink is needed again.

Oh yes, like many of you out there, the price was so outrageous for a replacement ink cartridge -- that I was considering just buying a whole printer. However, once I had looked at the printer models out there (and the customer reviews on them) it was evident that unless you spend a considerable sum and get a good one, the machine will fail within about 6 months. It's almost as if they were designed that way. Anyway, I opted for a genuine HP cartridge and stayed with my old HP 833 printer. It went right in and I now have a perfect printer again. One last detail: I looked up and ordered the "15" and received the "45". Don't worry -- it fits like the 15 does and has (according to one of the reviewers here) a larger ink capacity. Hey, that works for me! I'm back in the black, so to speak. Oh wow, what a lame pun. Very pleased. (Non Amazon vendor -- begins with "Y").

Good price compared to local retail.  Works fine in my DeskJet printer 841c.  My older model printer has printed thousands of  copies.

works well, seems to print about the same qty as a new cartridge not a short fill

Were not in original HP15 boxes. The boxes were white and blank. Leaves a little suspicion. Not sure they are HP15 The cartridge was funny looking.

I installed it and printed a page and it was as good as the first one ,

Good it worked just fine.Don't know how long is gonna last. So far, so good. About 50 prints now.

much less expensive than at the local stores, and the shipping time is actually about the same as it takes me to remember to stop and get one when I am out.

I have an old HP officejet v40 printer and the stores do not carry the #15 ink cartridges. This is exactly what I was looking for.

the quality was good , i would order the product again the quality was good , i would order the product again the quality was good , i would order the product again

It works perfectly with our printer. I cannot find this cartridge in stores much anymore, so getting it through Amazon was a real relief. Our old printer can keep plugging along now that I have the correct cartridge to print with.

The ink didn't come in the HP 15 ink box as advertised. It's 'original' version is a cheaper substitute to HP 15 ink. The quality of the ink makes it difficult to do double sided printing. The ink bleeds through white and even colored paper. Other than that, the ink works in the HP 940c like I hoped and I was able to save approximately $25-30.

I've had to open my printer up and shake this cartridge just to get a proper distribution of ink going many times.  Not totally satisfied with this &#34;new&#34; cartridge.

For [$$] for 2 ink cartridges you can only expect about 1,000 pages worth of printing if those pages only have 5% ink used per page.I do a lot of printing of online computer manuals and I can say that if you buy an HP inkjet printer you will spend much more on the cost of the ink cartridges than you did on the printer.HP is making a HUGE fortune on the selling of it's ink cartridges.I will never buy another HP printer.

There is really nothing to say about HP ink cartridges except that they work well. Do not try to save money on refilled ones since they either do not work or last very long.

The ease of use of the HP #15 makes it a snap to install. Just like most everything else HP makes it has been reliable and long lasting. You won't regret using this product. Just snap it in and you are printing!

I use a lot of ink and this one works as good as any I have bought. I have no complaints concerning speed of delivery or the product. When I emailed the seller, I received a quick response.

The black cartridge was OK and worked.  However I ordered two of the tri-color cartridges as well and they defective.

I was only able to make two copies then my printer jammed and I have not been able to fix it.  Oh well.

I ordered Original HP Ink Cartridges from Eforcity and, instead, received refilled cartridges.  I do not appreciate that type of business and would never order anything from them again.  Amazon (not the seller) immediately credited my credit card acct, & the seller did apologize, but that doesn't change the fact that they (the seller...not Amazon) tried to cheat me, and I don't deal with businesses that do business that way.  Any way you spin this, it's CHEATING.

I would highly recommend this product...you get it at a fraction of the price and get the same performance. Store-bought ink cartridges are a total ripoff...I am very happy I side-stepped the system

Ordered h.p. product it came in proper package but when installed it functioned as though it was a refill and was sold to me as brand new? I started out with a real reasonable price of approx. $19.00 but at end of purchase ended up paying change under $30.00 slightly under retail price sometimes deals aren't always deals beware THE BEAR FACTS

the ink i bought from this mercahnt worked great and was shipped in a timely fassion. thanks!

I received the printer ink in a timely manner, and was very pleased with the item.

From OS Supply, product currently works, was in original packaging, but was nearly seven years old, so who knows how long it will last.  The comments on the invoice said &#34;Old Stock, Brand New!  Factory sealed, Expired, guarantee to work,&#34; but nothing on Amazon led me to understand I was getting something this old or I wouldn't have ordered it!

I purchased these despite product selection tool on the Amazon site not having the &#8220;V40&#8221; (in fact it was blank) to check if correct for my machine.  I got the product in the mail today (4/18/2014) after placing order on the 14th.  It is the correct cartridge for the Officejet V40 (one of the &#34;All In One&#34; machines).  There were 2 separate packages, not a &#34;Twin&#34;, both were original retail type, in the Blue/White box style, not the yellow depicted. The one cartridge I've installed looked original, not remanufactured.  Given the price in the local &#34;W--M---&#34; and &#34;O-----D---t&#34; of $39 and $41 EACH, the all in pricing for 2 of $45 is a real bargain. Tried to determine the Mfg date, not readily apparent, Instructions were copyrighted in 2005, and the packaging has a 01/06 date on it so they may be that old.Minus one star for the problem with the web page, I used to be a programmer, evidently nobody reviews things these days, we always checked our work, and then there was a peer and user review to make sure it was right.

Factory HP15 ink cartridge in retail package.  Package looked a little worn perhaps, but was still sealed.  Half the price of my local office supply store, what's not to like?

Hi,In your printer profile, select preferences, thenselect draft mode, this saves a lot of ink.next click Black & White (instead of Color),this saves you more money.rename the printer by adding B&W; to the name,ie HP 890C B&W.;  Use this as your default printer.add a second printer using the same model you have now.You now have two logical printers but only one physical printer.Rename it HP 890 Color for example.When you need color for the kids reports or greeting cards,send the print to the color printer, otherwise send to B&W; printer.You can do this with any printer, even at your office tosave on toner if it is a laser.Regards,James

Factory HP15 ink cartridge in retail package. Package looked a little worn perhaps, but was still sealed. Half the price of my local office supply store, what's not to like?

I bought this despite seeing the bad ratings. The ink card fit my printer, the first print was flawless, but then the second print was dry as a bone, The ink has suddenly vanished.

i used ink cartridge and had it refilled twice. ink quality was best first time. refilled cartridge trended to streak.

Item was exactly as described.  I was initially concerned because the retail packaging box was smaller than when buying it at retail stores like Wal-Mart, but upon opening the box, I found the cartridge was exactly the same size.  That means that it's cheaper on Amazon, and more green in terms of the amount of cardboard packaging used.  Can't go wrong with that!  Thanks!

I haven't used this product yet. I will come back and write a review when I do. I bought it because the price was so good compared to what I usually pay.

