I became aware of this game because of Youtube videos produced at[...]/user/WatchItPlayed by Rodney Smith and his family.  They actually played throughWrath of Ashardalon: A D&D; Boardgame, another game of the same ilk, from the same game company, that can actually be used as a companion to this.  I'm considering buying that game as well as theWizards of The Coast Legend of Drizzt: A Dungeons and Dragons Board Game, as I'm the type of person that likes to have "all" the options.It's a fun game to play.  My daughter and I played through a full adventure and won on the first try, but it was very close.  We definitely had to play strategically with each other to maximize our chance of winning.  It's nice to play a game that you can experience cooperatively and enjoy success (and failure) together. I had never played a cooperative board/box game, having grown up mostly with games like Monopoly and such.  My only experience cooperative play was in full official roleplaying games, which I no longer have time or know enough people to play. If you're looking for something to play as a family, and you like fantasy game settings, it's hard to argue against this game.The rules can be slightly confusing, to start, mostly it's tough to remember the various things that happen as each tile is revealed and as you progress through each turn, but it became quite fluid for us about midway through the first starter game.  The Youtube videos help quite a bit, and the play through I saw, was a big part of why I made the initial purchase.  My one negative comment would be that the rules could do with some revision/reformatting to make them more clear, particularly when they reference the general rules/setup to the specific adventure setup.

Like Pandemic, Shadows over Camelot, and others, this is a cooperative rather than competitive board game. The basic premise is a group of adventurers setting out on a quest, of course, but the unique part of Ravenloft is the way that the monsters work. In a lot of cooperative games the rules lay out the challenge for the players, with little to ability to deviate from a set "bad things happen card". In this game, each player is periodically given control of a monster with rules to follow, making it less about one person versus the rest (such as with Descent) but still giving flexibility to what the monsters can do. For example, the Gargoyle card is dangerous if it spawns near the group, but if it shows up away it will sit there until they get near, whereas the Wolf enemy will rapidly track down and pounce the adventuring party. This also gives an element of strategy to playing the monsters beneficially to the group, as there are some choices the controller makes, for example if two players are the same distance away, it may be more useful to attack the fighter than the mage.Not only is Castle Ravenloft a fun, cooperative board game, it's also a good introduction to the D&D; 4e rules. Everything is simplified into one kind of hit roll, but the basic "roll a 20-sided die and match or exceed" is a good teaching tool, and the difference between various kinds of powers meshes with the full game. I could imagine a newbie to tabletop games playing Ravenloft, moving on to the D&D; Red Box, then following up with 4e or the Essentials series.

This board game is very nostalgic to me as it harkens to my childhood days when my good friends and I locked ourselves away in secret to play D&D.  Although this game is not exactly like the traditional RPG of my childhood it still has all the elements of what I remembered.  I played through it once with my, at first reluctant, fiancee who had never had the pleasure to experience the old school D&G RPG but after it was all said and done, she had a good time.  This board game is elaborate and well built with excellent and detailed figures.  The replay value is endless due to the fact that it is compatible with other D&D board games for the same maker.  Hopefully soon my friends and I can get together to play the game that made it possible for a bunch of awkward kids to grow up and become good friends.

This seems to be a very good remake of HeroQuest! We bought this for a friend for Christmas (they love board games and we play D&D; together) and we all set down and played it one afternoon. I haven't played all the modules yet, but here's our opinion on the product.Like: Overall it was very fun, challenging, and required teamwork.This game requires you to work together as a team (if more than one player), so it's great for playing with kids to build teamwork skills.Cooperative play means you aren't playing against each other. There aren't many games out there that don't pit you against a friend. There isn't even a DM.This game was challenging without being too difficult. There were times we came really close to losing, but we always scraped through.The minis are good quality plastic (similar to minis out of the D&D; Miniatures Collection) though unpainted. We did not find this to be disappointing however, as our friend enjoys painting miniatures himself.Dislikes:There are a lot of pieces (though not as many asArkham Horror) and they're made out of cardboard. They are good quality but frequent use can degrade paper pretty fast. I highly recommend little snack ziplock bags to keep all the pieces separate. A large table is definitely needed for this board game.Overall this game was great fun. It's important to note it is NOT D&D.; However, it is similar in style to D&D; 4th edition, but the rules are not the same.

This is a simplified version of the pen and paper game, with pre-rolled characters, enemies, and adventures. Taking roughly an hour or so per adventure, this randomized dungeon crawler is great for introducing people to the overall world of D&D without the initial hours of rolling characters and reading rules. Coming with bunches of dungeon tiles and unpainted miniatures, this game can also be a great addition to your regular tabletop game, as you can make your own maps and can bolster your monster armies. I got this game in addition to the Ashardalon game, both of which my 8 yr old loves to play and paint the miniatures. The rules can sometimes be counter-intuitive to itself, but I just always go with whats on the card you drew more than anything else. Great system, easy to play, great for beginners and veterans alike, and its a great addition to any D&D game you might have going already, if you're into using maps and miniatures.

Not really.  Been playing P&P RPGs since 1980, and this was a fun break while giving you the feel.  Immensely replayable.  Bought all three sets to eventually mix and match.

I got this game as a surprise present for Christmas last year, lets just say there are reasons I don't particularly like getting surprise gifts.  Mainly because I research games well before I buy them to minimize the chance of getting a game I don't care for.  (BTW I still have purchased flops after reviewing them.)  I own another D&D; board game called Lords of Waterdeep (I love this game)...this game is nothing like Ravenloft, but I hoped it would aspire to the greatness of that game.Opening the game I got excited about the contents of the package.  I thought the game pieces were really well done, and I liked the idea of the dungeon tiles.  I was less excited about the thick rule book, and then reading through it the vagueness of some of the rule structures. Then we sat down to play the game.  Don't get me wrong I like hard games that are nearly impossible to beat, but most games tend to have some sort of reprieve from the dangers around you.  This game continually floods you with monsters and or environment challenges.  You can barely kill one creature before you get another one attacking you, then if you stay in one place to long, magically the room develops new traps or hazards that are more deadly then the monsters themselves.I am not one of those guys that likes leaving the badies live either so maybe that was my problem.  If I made a mad dash for the quest and tried to outrun the badies maybe I could have won, but for me that takes the fun out of the game,.

There are tiles.  And there are spaces within those tiles.  everything else is the order of play.  Have fun with the Power cards.  A true roll of 20 means you level up from 1 to 2.  Otherwise you can level up through Treasure cards.  As in all D&D; games, the more the merrier.If you have ever played the TSR minigame Vampyre, you'll love this.  Count Strahd Von Zarovich ain't no Count Dracula.  ;)

I bought this for my grandson who is 13. He loved it and couldn't wait to play! It was one of his BEST gifts!

I have to say that I really didn't enjoy this game as much as I thought I would. My 21 year old daughter and I gave up just before the second adventure was completed. We found the rules, cards and counters too fiddly and the game play too complicated to run smoothly. We were constantly forgetting the order of play and losing track of all of the conditional rules on the cards, tokens and adventure scenarios. We'd realize too late that we had forgotten to play a certain card, move a counter or modify a die role and we ran into questions that the rules could not clarify. I agree with some reviewers who feel that the game punishes you for exploring and for staying in one place. Those encounter cards were more fearsome than the monsters! We eventually got weary of being beaten as we made our way through the castle which lacked the atmosphere of our beloved HeroQuest.In retrospect , I don't think the cooperative nature of the game really suits the dungeon crawl experience as you have to constantly alternate between your character and the evil things that attack it. I like the idea of cooperative games (Forbidden Island is a favorite), but a dungeon crawl typically has aspects of roleplaying where your character becomes your alter ego in the fantasy world. I found it hard to constantly switch gears and assume the role of a ghoul or a gargoyle who attacks my character or a fellow adventurer, even though the monster's tactics are clearly spelled out. I think these types of games work best with a GM, whether evil, benevolent or somewhere in between. This aspect of Ravenloft actually made it seem like the game was playing itself at times.

This game is great! I love playing Dn'D but there is no way to do a quick campaign. This board games lets me and my friends quickly set up and get rolling. It was a little difficult in the beginning trying to figure out the rules at first but once it was figured it has been a lot of fun. Set up is easy and the longest we have had a game go was about 2hrs. I am planning on getting the other games soon.

Older Dungeons and Dragons fans are often pressed for time to enjoy their sword-swinging swashbuckling. And Wizards of the Coast is trying to treat them (and everyone else) to a game that requires less time, but just as much fun.In this game, you walk through various random tiles that spawn monsters and events using pre-built characters. You have a quest to finish (like "get to room X and kill the bad guy") and dozens of bad guys in the way.Each player is on the same side and has a set of skills vital to the success of the mission. The fighter might stand in front while engaging bad guys with the healing cleric while a wizard exacts utter destruction over the baddies.Everyone feels like they are vital to the game. Everyone has a ton of fun.Lastly, I should mention that the creatures generally have 1 or 2 or 3 hit points, not 40 or 80 or 200. So the math is easier and the game plays faster than standard DnD encounters.If you want to have some hack-n-slash fun with a board game, then get this today. You won't regret it.

Fantastic product! I would recommend this product to any gammer.  Every thing you need is in one box.  No huge amount of time to prepare for the game is awesome.  Really nice for the salty dog older gammers too.

Based on an Advanced Dungeons and Dragons Gothic horror adventure module from 1983 and it's offspring,  Castle Ravenloft is a cooperative dungeon crawl game, were the players either all win or all lose as they battle their way through the dungeon,  dealing with monsters and traps, attempting to complete the adventure requirements.  It is a moderately complex game, particularly for players who have never played a fantasy role playing game.  After playing a solo adventure and a group adventure, the game mechanics and rules are straight forward and easy to remember.  It is still a hard game to win.Castle Ravenloft is a very large game with lots of pieces.  It comes with more than 40 unpainted miniatures as well as dozens more dungeon tiles, cards, tokens, etc.  There are more than a dozen adventures in the adventure book.  With the random dungeon creation and the various hero arraignments, it has great replay value.The quality of the game seems first rate.  The dungeon tiles and tokens are made of thick cardboard.  Take care in punching the pieces out of their cardboard frames and they should last a long time.  The unpainted miniatures are made of plastic.  A few of the miniatures have bent weapons or other parts that should be straight.The rules are spread across the rule book, the scenario book and the various game cards.  It takes a few plays to get the game play down.  If you don't know what a particular marking on a dungeon tile means, ignore it, as it most likely is explained/used in a later adventure.This game seems to be designed for future expansion and customer content.  Following the pattern of the existing adventures, heroes, monsters and villains, it's fairly easy to create your own adventures.If you find the rules too hard or too easy, modify them or create your own.  For example, we play with two house rules.  First, if two or more heroes flank a monster/villain, the flanking heroes get a +2 to their attack role.  Same rule applies if two or more monster/villains flank a hero.  Second, if you have not moved your maximum squares when uncovering a new tile, you can continue moving into that new tile until you use up your speed and possibly get the drop on a monster if you have not already used your attack.This is a great dungeon crawl game without the time, preparation, and number of players required for a full D&D; RPG adventure.  No dungeon master is required.At $65 MSRP, the game is a little expensive, although, if you enjoy Dungeons and Dragons type games as well as miniatures, the game is well worth the price.  With the size and number of pieces required to play Castle Ravenloft, a large table is required.

I really have to disagree with most of these reviews on this game. Its a very difficult game to play with 2 players and even with 5 it still is. My family and I sat down and played this for 4 hours. The game was poorly written, loop holes everywhere and vague rules. Your always trying to stay alive every time you move and even when you don't move you are at risk of losing points. Its just really frustrating and you don't even get to enjoy the game. We had fun though at making jokes about how we were going to die each round. But that's about it, when we won the game we were just glad it was over. I wouldn't buy this.

ok the minis are awesome, they are not painted but look great.The map is good, it can be used to lay out multiple dungeons.The game it self is ok, every thing works fine but can be lame at times, If you want to role Play look elsewhere, if you want to role a D20 and do minor looting and fighting, this is for you,UPs, the mini's and map is well worth the priceDowns, game play is simplistic and every PC is the same , a range attack, a once daily and a at will. the only difference is the names of the people and powers.

This is a lot of fun even if you aren't familiar with Dungeons and Dragons as an RPG.  A lot of creativity and imagination packed into a complete game.  Only problem is that the later dungeons get a bit hard for just two people to handle.

Played this a few times with friends. While borrowing some concepts from DnD (or any dungeon game really), it is definitely not as intricate as actual DnD and way more visceral. The scenarios in the book provide a nice, gradual increase in difficulty and some story/game element variety for each play session. There are a lot of pieces and depending on the scenario you choose, you may use very little or a lot of them. The figures are very good and we even used a few of them in our actual DnD games :P. Gameplay wise, the random tiles are a nice feature and the characters have some neat abilities. I personally like this game, but it is indeed a very simplified version of core DnD mechanics. Overall, a fun game to pull out every once in a while when you feel like plundering a dungeon.

Played this both by myself and with my friends about fifteen times now. It is quite fun and the models are cool. There are a few broken game mechanics that make it almost too easy, and I wish that the role-played aspect was a little deeper (leveling up, for instance). Otherwise enjoyable.

great quality of the board, characters, markers and cards. The instructions are fairly easy to read and follow. Really good design for a fun challenge. LOTS of gaming scenarios for groups and single run through. The first time we played it we ran the monsters wrong and made the game too simple, but after reading the rule book section more carefully, it was a blast and more of a challenge!!! One of the best things is that the D&D; DM feel is still there, but the time spent building the scenarios is out and everyone can play without someone required to DM. Story lines are super fun! Wish there were more than 5 players available, but then again it would take that much longer if there were more characters; and one of the joys of this game is you can play a Dungeon dive in less than 2 hours with minimal set up. That is great for a group of married with children friends who want to play but have not the extra extra hours to pour into the set up of a normal D&D.;great figures, you could paint if you really wanted to, but no need.VERY FUN! worth having for a great, fast, and more simplified dungeon runevery now and then things like line of sight and other common D&D; basics are jeopardized just to simplify the board, but it does not diminish the game which we were worried about.The board is ever changing based on tiles, which makes every run a new and different experience!!!!!!!!!!!

I will list the reasons I recommend buying this game, but before the list I wanted to tell that I have had a great time with my two boys, 5 and 6 years old respectively. We have played every day since we bought it, and they keep asking for more. The game does not require a Dungeon Master, we all 3 play as Heroes, but since they are so young I still have a Dungeon Master role during the gameplay, just to keep thing fair and challenging, and not frustrating.It's easier than standard Role Playing books:1) You can read all rules in one hour, for sure you will need to read again some parts, but you will understand the whole game completely after just the first adventure.2) There is only one dice, a 20 sided one.3) Magic and Spells is supported by cards, which make them very easy to use and you will know when you cannot use the spell anymore.4) All monsters and villains have a card, so its easy to access AC (Armour Class), HP (Hit Points) and Attacks (Hit chance modifier and damage)5) Using tiles and 3D figures make it easier to follow the action, take turns and know the distance required for each ability.6) A lot of provided tokens help on counting damage, tracking time, and even temporary effects of spells.It's faster to setup and finish1) You are not longer required to spend 4 hours creating the characters and 12 weekends to complete an adventure with your nerdy friends, you can setup an adventure in 5 minutes and have fun right away. You can finish it in around one hour, so the reward comes quicker.2) I find the provided Adventure Book very simple yet very original and fun. I will tech you creatives ways to take advantage of the board game, so you can create your own adventures lates.3) The Random dungeon creation is great, saves time, and no longer requires a Dungeon Master. So everybody can play as Hero, there is no more Nerdy Dungeon Master.Leaves Room for Imagination1) Even though rules are very basic, I find it to be very open to real role play, improvisation and storytelling.2) My younger child, which is only 5 years old, wanted to play as a Werewolf instead of using one the Heros that came. I found that this was 100% possible, I just gave him the Werewolf card and the Werewolf 3D figure and he was super happy.3) My older kid, 6 years old, wanted to have a wolf pet, and to share Hit Points between his Wizard and his pet, just as a "Familiar" on the classic D&D.; I said, why not? As long as it's fun you can incorporate any Advanced D&D; rule in this game.

A wonderful combination of an old time D&D dungeon crawl and board game. It gives the feel of D&D that you can set up in minutes, rather than having a DM spend hours putting together an adventure. Very fun. Very replayable.

I was around 11 when I first started playing D&D. That was back in the early 80's when the rules where a lot simpler and it was a magical time with a lot of fond memories I had playing with my friends.  We played for a few years but I haven't played since.  Now I have at 10 and 11 year old son's who I thought it was time to share some of the joys I had when I was there age.  I thought about breaking out my basic rule set, when I came across this game.  This is the perfect introduction to D & D for my boys.  Why is it you ask? We can complete a quest within 1 hour, No DM! I was able to enjoy the adventure with them, Simple rules.  We had a blast playing. They can't wait to play the next adventure. As for the product itself, it's fantastic, really good production values, awesome miniatures, heavy card stock, looking for the next game that come out in December. I highly recommend this game.

I posted this to a board game forums, Think of it as suggestions to improve play.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm loving Castle Ravenloft. I only had to make a few changes. Instead of always drawing a card when you don't explore, I roll a d20, 1-15 draw, 16-20 don't draw. This really stopped if from feeling like you had no hope, without making it to easy. Also, I don't discard and redraw when a encounter isn't relevant, you don't redraw treasures when not relevant, I don't think you should have to redraw encounters. When I lvl to lvl 2, I heal for healing surge.I'm thinking of also letting you remove environmental cards from play by spending exp, I'm thinking 7-10. People should give the game a try with these slight mods, I find they still keep the balance of play, while adding 100% to the enjoyment.I have many other ideas to improve play, I'll look into play testing and writing them up. I know some people feel like the rules of a game are written in stone, I say rules are made to be broken. You paid good money for this game, why not adapt it to your needs. Still, even if it weren't a playable game, it's well worth the 39.71 I got it for off Amazon just for the components.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Great game, don't let the haters run you away from a game that with a few tweaks, can be a extremely enjoyable experience. Oh, don't expect this to be DnD to the letter, this is Castle Ravenloft the board game, not DnD 4th edition.

My nine year loved playing this with me and other family members on Christmas day.  He then went on to try and teach Mom how to play.

I can't count the number of hours that my friends and I have poured into this game.  Definitely a very good buy for anyone with a group of friends interested in this.

This is a great implementation of a quickplay D&D.  I played it with two people who knew nothing of D&D and one "Old Timer" and everyone had a blast.  The 10 (non-solo) adventures listed are just the start.  I've already designed my own scenarios, and they've already released two bonus scenarios online.  Wizards is currently having a contest which will ultimately result in three more being posted online.

My 10yr and 8yr olds (and I) have really enjoyed this game so far.  Easy to pick up and great detailed artwork and production.

This is a fun, quick to learn game that is worth the price tag.  For the money you get a lot, and the quality of what you get is fantastic.  I have been playing D&D for years and while this is not the whole experience of that, this would be a great way to introduce people to some of the concepts of that game.  I loved it.  My regular gaming group loved it.  My family adores it.

I was never much for Role Playing Games, but this board game intrigued me so I checked it out.  In &#34;Castle Ravenloft&#34; players take on the roles of various fantasy characters from the D&D universe as they attempt to infiltrate the castle of the evil vampire Count Strahd in various scenarios. Players explore the castle's dungeon by laying tiles room by room, not unlike in &#34;Betrayal at House on the Hill.&#34;  The game is loaded with really cool creature miniatures- everything from rats to a skeleton dragon to the evil Strahd himself.  As dungeon crawl board games go, &#34;Castle Ravenloft&#34; easily holds its own with easy to learn rules, a beautiful production, and engaging play.  A great game from start to finish.

I bought this set but this review would probably apply to the other 2 D&D board game sets that exist at the moment.  It in itself is a decent game that gives more content than the standard or typical board game most families play.  It is not necessarily an RPG.  But I will say it serves two purposes.  It can be used as a board game or I can be used as an accessory set for your D&D RPG table top adventures.  The board game aspect of it, I rate it about 3.5 to 4 stars.  It can be fun if played with other plays but as a solo game (which it can be played), it gets boring pretty quickly.  I feel it shines most as an accessory product.  In this regard, I find it is the best value accessory item you could buy for D&D adventuring for its quality.  You get quality monster and player miniatures which are better than the flat tokens you get in other sets as well as customizable dungeon tiles that equal the quality of dungeon tiles sold is D&D tile sets, but have the ability to connect to form a dungeon as solid as a mat which wont break apart (because of a puzzle like design at the end of each tile).  If a person bought all the sets, they would have many miniatures to use to never get bored with your D&D RPG games.

I think there is an argument that can be made for buying this game makes a better introduction to D&D; than the D&D; Red Box Starter Set and it is a better bang for your buck.  I know that seems unlikely, but hear me out.  The D&D; Red Box Starter Set is focused mostly on developing an abbreviated character, and once you have worked through the module there is no use for the module ever again.  It is one shot and then it is over.  Not only that, but the next step is to purchase Heroes of the Fallen Lands, which will tell you to take your abbreviated character and rework it from scratch.  To be quite frank, Heroes of the Fallen Lands does a very good job walking you through the process of creating a complete character from scratch, much better than the original 4e Players Handbook.  It makes me regret getting the D&D; Red Box Starter Set.  The D&D; Red Box Starter Set had my kids and I spending so much time penciling in figures on a character sheet, it really hampered our ability to play.Castle Ravenloft comes with 5 already configured characters.  Now I admit the board game does use an abbreviated form of the d20 core mechanics for 4e D&D;, but that actually seemed to be a great introduction into how the mechanics work for my children.  In addition to that, this game can be easily played over and over again.  The game comes with 13 adventures and the website had 5 more I could print up.  And each adventure feels like a whole new game each time it is played, because of the way the game is designed.  On a side note, I love, love, love the interlocking dungeon tiles.  I wish D&D; had published all of their dungeon tiles in this interlocking style.

Great game for several reasons1. Fully cooperative game with a 20 sided dice, cards, modular and random game board, and a host of miniatures that represent both heroes AND monsters/bosses.2. Can combine with the Wrath of Ashardalon game or Dungeon Command games' miniatures3. RPG-lite. No huge time investment or setup needed like the real D&D; RPGs, though it could be considered a negative if you were looking for a deep character development system and role playing experience, but if you were you shouldn't look at board games in the first place.

No DM no problem.  Fun way to play D&D without a ton of planning or a dedicated DM.  Everyone is a player!!!

I'm saying this first and foremost:Most of this game is compatible with any d20 fantasy gaming system. Miniatures, tiles, markers, you can use these wherever.Almost all of it looks to be compatible with 4th Edition Dungeons and Dragons. So, if you're looking to get into 4th Edition, you can actually use this as a booster.This game is a lot of fun. It does require some careful reading, but, after a few games, you'll get the hang of it. It used to take us a few minutes to do a turn, now its like clockwork. Its very easy to pick up.The adventures are lots of fun too. There are 13 adventures (2 single player and 11 group) to play, each one with their own alterations of the rules.Another nice thing, especially if you have a smaller group, is there is no "dungeon master". Everyone is working together.the mini's are unpainted, but this helps you quickly find the monsters in the box. I'm planning on atleast painting the heros and vilians; I wish they'd used a better base color than dark blue for the heros.I've already preordered the new one that comes out in february.

Caveat: I played this game at GenCon (Indianapolis; August 4 - 8, 2010) however, as of this writing, the game is not yet available. At the time it was a complete shrink-wrapped game box and package as one would purchase and I am inclined to believe that it is the finished product, pending any severe issues that may have come up during the course of people playing it at the convention.Now, on with the review:The components of this game are many. There are several sheets of punch tiles that comprise the game boards, character cards, status modifiers, health pips, coffins, etc. The box, itself, makes for a poor means to store all of these bits and pieces and you may consider baggies, counter trays, or other means of keeping certain tokens from intermingling between sessions to make set-up go a little more smoothly. The parts themselves are very sturdy wood-stock bits (similar to those used by Fantasy Flight Games - for those familiar with their board game offerings) and are therefore quite robust and will last you many-many years without damage or loss from being blown aside by a mild cough. There are several plastic miniatures, of excellent quality (unpainted), that are conveniently color coded by type. Undead (skeletons, zombies, etc) are white, animals are brown, spectral undead (ghosts, specters, etc) are a translucent blue, notorious villains (Strahd, werewolf, etc) are a dark grey, and the heroes are alight grey. I found this distinction to be very helpful in taking quick glances of the board and seeing how monsters were grouped versus the distribution of the PCs as well as seeing where any allies were located and obstacles between without having to examine every mini on the grid. This also makes monster placement simpler in that you are now examining a smaller pool of minis to locate rats, versus having to search though all of them at once.The game `board' is crafted through the course of play. Several tiles represent rooms and corridors of the castle and as you and your fellow heroes move, more of the castle is revealed. This is similar to the Avalon Hill game "The Betrayal at the House on the Hill". Unlike that game, heroes do not need to enter the tile/room to place it but simply be near the edge of a tile. With each tile enters a new monster, and possibly an encounter based on the mark on the tile, who goes under the control of the player that drew it and it will perform certain specific actions on the monster turn of the game. Defeating monsters gains the heroes equipment and experience points. The experience points go into a community pool and can be used to level up your hero or negate certain encounters.Aside from the rule booklet, there is also a scenario booklet. The scenario you choose will determine the victory conditions for the game. The game itself is cooperative and either the entire group wins or all of the heroes lose. Some of the scenarios seemed capable of being linked together (the scenario we played was "Hunt for Strahd, part one") and can become part of a larger and longer game played over several weekends. I should also think that one could also invent new scenarios not included with the original book.While the hero cards are definitely crafted with the current Dungeons and Dragons rules set in mind (4th edition) they only seem to have a 1st level and 2nd level power set. This makes the bookkeeping minor and even someone (like myself) who has not played the fourth edition of the game is capable of comprehending and understanding their hero.I found this game quite enjoyable and useful. It serves perfectly well as a board game by itself. For those Table-Top RPG gamers, its beautifully printed tiles, tokens, and the included minis, can very easily serve as dungeon mapping for your home campaigns. This game would also do well for those parents out there looking for a way to let their children experience RPG style play without delving into the morass of character sheets, race selection, statistic generation, and all of the bulk of the RPG system. Definately worth the price of admission.

In the spirit of full disclosure I am a HUGE Ravenloft fanatic.  I have the original D&D; Module, the box sets (TWO of them!) I have read the book (I, Strahd : The Memoirs of a Vampire) and spent countless hours playing through (and dying in) Count Strahd's castle and lands.  I love this whole series.So, I now have a son who is interested in D&D.;  Mainly because he knows how much I enjoyed it "back in the day" and having seen the guys on Big Bang Theory playing it recently.  Searching the internet for an easy way to break in to D&D; brings me to the board game Dungeons and Dragons Wrath of Ashardalon.  As I read the description (or maybe it was a review) I notice that there is a Ravenloft version!  I check it out, see the good reviews and buy it.Boy was I ever NOT disappointed!  This game is great.  All the fun of D&D; without the need to read a ton of books (yes, in this game there is a fair amount of reading, but not too bad) or roll a character or keep track of too much.  Yes, some hard-core D&D; people may find it a little limited and too easy, but if that is the case, just play D&D; on your own.  This game is much better for the first-timers and the uninitiated.  Very easy to play and not a lot of time invested to get there.  I mean, it's probably on par with like a good game of Risk or a real game of Monopoly (without all the shortcuts.)  Great for board game enthusiasts and the D&D; curious.The game itself is really something.  Very well-made in every way.  Good game board tiles, great cards and tokens and players and monsters too.  All very durable and cool.  Since purchasing, I have played about five games.  Once by myself to see if it was any fun alone (it actually is) and a bunch of games with my son and some others.  Every time was fun, even when we lost (some of the dungeons can be very hard!) and I can't wait to play more.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a fun board game with friends for a few hours and you like the idea of D&D; without all the books and commitment.

For anyone looking for a straight out of the box dungeon crawl emulator that will throw you straight into monster bashing goodness - this is the game for you.  It comes with 5 pre-made heroes to pick from, you then add your own flavor by selecting the daily, utility,and at-will powers for your character.  the 42 miniatures included are decent sculpts, and can be painted to really make the pieces stand out.This set would also make a great booster or starter for anyone that wants to leverage the dungeon tiles and minis to augment their own D&D; collection for other outside of the box / traditional table top adventures.

In my attempts to nerdify my 5 year old girl, I've introduced her to D&D; miniatures and have created table top games with these. She loves the miniatures and rolling dice, but I wanted to increase the complexity of our little games a bit and I had been eye-balling this (and the Wrath of Ashardalon) set and thought I'd give it a go to see if she'd get into one of these board games.First off, I was a little worried that this game would not be durable to withstand a hyper 5 year old girl, but after the initial un-boxing and then about an hour of game play, I can assure you that this product should withstand some decent use. I even let her pop out half the board pieces (she loved doing that) and I was happy to find that these popped out easily without tearing, etc. The miniatures are sturdy enough too (I think they are exactly the usual D&D; Mini's, just not painted).In regards to the actual game, it took me about an hour to un-box and then read the instruction. The basic instructions did not make full sense right away, but after getting into game-play and following the included card with the steps of your round (Hero phase -> Exploration phase -> Villain phase), it sank in fairly quickly. I basically had to walk my daughter through the entire encounter but SHE LOVED IT. She quickly picked up on some of the basic math; i.e. she understood the basic mechanics of attack rolls having to be higher than the targets AC and she was able to do the basic math of a d20 + attack bonus (usually). Of course, what she couldn't do was read any of the cards or strategize her moves; but she was just happy to be playing a game and was eager to just do what Daddy told her to do!Then, let's talk about the treasure cards: she LOVES treasure (I taught her to call these "Phat Loot" cards! LOL) and she loved rolling the d20, even if there is no reason whatsoever to roll the dice, she just rolls and rolls.Anyway, Parents, if you are looking to nerdify your little kids without abandon, then don't be turned off by the recommended age of 12+ on this product, I think you can still find this to be a fun game with younger kids and may even introduce them to some basics of table top RPG mechanics.

---Introduction---After hearing it plugged on the Wizards of the Coast D&D; podcast, I made the Dungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft Board Game a last-minute addition to my Christmas Wishlist this past year despite concerns that the "Dungeons & Dragons" would scare most of my friends away from giving it a try. To my pleasant surprise, I received it and have already played a number of enjoyable games. Not only has Castle Ravenloft been well-received by my D&D; gamer-friends, but even by those who had never seen a d20 before - a huge testament to the accessibility of the game and its ability to rise above and beyond the stigma sometimes associated with Dungeons & Dragons. Originally retailing for $65, the price has since dropped to $45 on Amazon.com. (Check out the fully-formatted review at my website)"An exciting D&D; boardgame for 1-5 players. The master of Ravenloft is having guests for dinner--and you are invited! Evil lurks in the towers and dungeons of Castle Ravenloft, and only heroes of exceptional bravery can survive the horrors within. Designed for 1-5 players, this boardgame features multiple scenarios, challenging quests, and cooperative game play."Included Components - 8.5* 40 plastic heroes and monsters: color-coded for quick identification(no digging through pieces)* 13 sheets of interlocking cardstock dungeon tiles: thick cardstock will allow for repeated handling* 200 encounter and treasure cards: thick cardstock keeps the cards from easily bending and prevent them from blowing away (you've all had a sneeze like that, admit it)* Rulebook* Scenario book* 20-sided dieThough the materials supplied are adequate in terms of quality as well as quantity, there is no explanation as to what some of the elements are used for. Yes, the miniatures are color-coded, but for the rest of the pieces, only by playing the game, do you discover that there are special pieces unique to individual adventures. Not a big deal, but something that could have been addressed to save us some confusion.---Mechanics/Ease of Play - 9.0---"It's fun and really easy - there's just 3 things to do on my turn" - My wife.That quote from my wife, though an oversimplification, is really a great indicator for the simple, but enjoyable mechanics that drive the gameplay of Castle Ravenloft and drive-home the point that you don't have to know anything about Dungeons & Dragons to have a great time(though you'll certainly be a step ahead if you're already familiar with the d20 system).SetupThe included scenario book provides about 20 varied adventures for the players (from 1 to 5 of them) to tackle cooperatively. Each scenario has a set of victory and failure conditions that tie each of the Heroes(as the players are called) together in pursuit of a specific goal. Each scenario has specific directions to facilitate crafting the game board appropriately. In general, the dungeon(game board) is pieced together at the players direction as tiles, monsters, encounters and treasures are drawn randomly from shuffled piles. Not only does this provide for some great replay value, but it also adds an element of suspense as players have no idea what is lurking around the "next corner".Each player chooses one of the 5 provided heroes to play during the course of the scenario: Cleric, Fighter, Ranger, Rogue or Wizard. Each of the heroes has a corresponding "hero tile" that contains all of the details specific to that "class". Of particular note are the values for Armor Class(AC), Speed, Hit Points(HP) and Surge Value(a concept Wizards of the Coast first introduced with D&D; 4e). Each player then chooses a set of 4 to 6 "powers" from a deck of about 10 hero-specific cards. Each deck consists of various at-will, daily and utility powers. At-will powers can be used repeatedly throughout the scenario, whereas daily and utility powers are expended upon use and only brought back into play by certain treasure items. Helpfully, Wizards included a "recommended" list of power card for each hero that I have found to be very effective, while still providing advanced players with the opportunity to "fine tune" their powers based on specific scenarios.Your turnPlayers collectively decide who will go first and play then goes around the table. Each turn consists of three "phases" that dictate the flow of each turn:The Hero PhaseThe first part of your turn, the hero phase is just what it sounds like - where the Hero takes the spotlight. During this phase you will be moving your hero miniature around the game board and attacking monsters that you discover. You can use one "attack" power card per turn, as well as utility powers as indicated by the description. Your movements are nearly as important as your attacks, allowing you to "explore" new areas of the dungeon in the exploration phase to follow, avoid traps, or flee from monsters. The relatively small number of powers to choose from combined with simple rules for movement makes your choices feel meaningful without getting bogged down in a tedium of rules deliberation. I found the powers very easy to use, while maintaining the elements of choice so important to the RPG genre.Based on the d20 system, each attack involves rolling a twenty-sided die, adding a modifier and comparing the result to the Armor Class(AC) of the target. If the roll plus modified is equal or greater than the AC, your attack hits the target and deals damage; otherwise, your attack misses and usually has no effect.The Exploration PhaseThe dungeon is built primarily in the exploration phase based on your actions during the Hero phase based on the concept of an "unexplored edge". Simply put, any dungeon tile edge that is not depicted as a wall, nor already connected to another dungeon tile is considered to be an "unexplored edge" and thus, ripe for hero exploration. If the hero phase ends with your miniature positions adjacent to an unexplored edge, you draw a new dungeon tile and place it next to your hero. In addition, you draw a card from the "Monster" deck and place the appropriate miniature on the new tile on top of the pile of skulls that each dungeon tiles has. Each of the Monster cards has all of the stats(AC, HP) and tactics(how it attacks and moves) listed similar to the Hero tiles that you choose from before the game starts. This is important - in Castle Ravenloft YOU will control each of the monsters that you draw from the deck until they are killed by your party of heroes(or less-pleasantly, until you are killed by them).The Villain PhaseIf you did not draw a new dungeon tile during the exploration phase or if you drew a dungeon tile marked with a black triangle (anecdotally about 50% of the tiles are black and 50% are white, though I haven't actually counted them) you will also draw an "Encounter" card. These Encounter cards are always negative events, that will impact one or more of the heroes in some way. Most encounters are some type of attack against all heroes in the current heroes dungeon tile; this could be a one-time attack, or it could be a persistent "trap" device that is activated along with monsters you may also control. In addition to straight-up attacks, you can also find "Environment" effects that last until another "Environment" card is drawn - these can do anything from reducing all heroes' speed by 1 to forcing you to roll twice for every attack and use the lower result. These cards can be quite devastating when the heroes are clumped together on the same tile, so they force you to spread out or risk a catastrophic event. During gameplay, the Encounters really increased the pacing and level of urgency.After you determine that an Encounter card should/should not be drawn, you activate all of the monsters and traps under your control in the order they were drawn. Far less arbitrary than it sounds, a player reads the concise "tactics" for each Monster or TrapThe d20Ah, the d20 (20-sided die) - bringer of fortune and failure alike - it is the foundational element in Castle Ravenloft and what really ties the mechanics to Dungeons & Dragons.---Fun Factor - 8.0---Despite a somewhat slow start(due to setup, reading/explaining the "adventure", etc.), the game quickly picks up the pace into what can only be described as a frantic, entertaining fight to survive that only ends when you've completed the heroic objective or have died trying! Your success (or failure) is based almost entirely on how well (or poorly) you managed the constant barrage of monsters, traps, and events that are thrown at the party. Fail to control the onslaught and you will be quickly overrun as the monsters reach an unstoppable critical mass.The designers have done an excellent job of making every adventure take you to cusp of destruction when you finally reach your objective and (hopefully) emerge from the Castle Ravenloft dungeons as victorious heroes.However, after a few games I did find that my selection of actions(during the Hero phase) seemed to grow less interesting. A larger selection of power cards would be a welcomed addition and would likely remedy this minor drawback.---Craftsmanship/Art - 7.0---The craftsmanship is at a higher level than I expected(due to low expectations), but seems appropriate considering the cost of the game. The game tiles and hero cards, in particular, have a nice weight to them that lends to the impression of high-caliber materials. One notable exception, are the miniatures - outside of the "main bad guys"(which have decent quality), the miniatures seem cheap and prone to breakage. The hero miniatures in particular, bend easily and one or two of them fall over easily. This is one area for improvement, especially considering the cost of the game.The art direction is consistent with the rest of the Dungeons & Dragons product line. For those not familiar, it is fairly typical fantasy art with an emphasis on "realistic portrayal", as opposed to the over-exaggerated caricatures found in anime, etc. Suitable for developing the mood of the game, I found it to be quite adequate - nothing more, nothing less.There was a lot of room for Wizards to "WOW!" me with the craftsmanship and art here - sadly, they didn't take full advantage. It's more of a "nitpick" for me, but as the only real "flaw" in the game, I felt it is worth mentioning.---Replay Value - 9.0---The very nature of the game(building the game board as play progresses) results in a new experience every time, even when playing the same "adventure". Combinations of hero classes and the inclusion of 20 unique adventures provide abundant material for even the most avid gamer. I have owned the game for over a year now and have yet to even play through all of the adventures once, much-less play through them repeatedly.Unlike many board games that fall into predictable patterns of play, the designers of Castle Ravenloft have managed to create a game that feels familiar to those with experience without succumbing to repetition, boredom, and ultimately disinterest.If you and your gaming group are looking for a game to hold your interests through multiple gatherings, Castle Ravenloft is one that I highly recommend!---Conclusion - 8.3 Great! Highly Recommended Purchase.--The mechanics and replay value really set Dungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft apart from other games and serve to polish and balance the "meh" art and craftsmanship that would have otherwise detracted from the overall appeal. A job well done and an excellent addition to your gaming repertoire that will last through many gatherings. As an added benefit, Ravenloft also serves as a great tool for introducing otherwise hesitant friends to the Dungeons & Dragons RPG - which otherwise has a fairly high learning curve.

I need not make my review too long; just go to boardgamegeek and read the forums/reviews -- the fact is, this game is more about buying the pieces, the tokens, the tiles, etc. and then you have a real fun game system to make it your own. The base rules are good, really, but if you stop there you might end up feeling like the game is too mechanical. Go concot yourself a variant (if that's not your style, just go crib someone's and don't question it much) and the game takes on new life. The adventures are long enough to play for a long time (even by yourself!)... and then online there are tons of adventures!So yes 5/5.

This great game have an amazing replay value. The contents are great and price was amazing compared to the one in stores. Part of a great 3 game series.

I'm a 25 year old geek who has plenty of experience with card games, tabletop games, and RPGs. First off, I love this game. I rarely take time to review anything. In this case, I have seen a number of reviewers who were a little harsh based on their expectations. So, I wanted to add my two cents.What is Castle Ravenloft? This game is not the D&D; most people are used to. D&D; lite is a pretty good way of describing it and that's what I love about it. Castle Ravenloft is a much more accessible form of D&D; for geeks and nongeeks alike. It's like some other reviewers have mentioned, it's a great game to sit down and play for an hour or two and is simple enough for people who have never touched this kind of stuff to pick up and learn pretty quickly. The best way to play this game is have a few beers, joke around about how screwed you are (the game is actually very difficult, especially if your Dragonborn fighter can't seem to kill anything), and just roll with it.There really isn't any role playing involved (unless your gaming crew decides to add it in). It's all about the D20 combat system (based around 4th edition rules) and quite a bit of luck as well. You slowly reveal the dungeon, battle monsters, get treasure, and work on accomplishing whatever goal you have to to win the game. It's a relatively quick and fun way to get into the D&D; universe without having to commit hours and hours like you would with a normal D&D; adventure.There are a couple of other things worth mentioning. For the price, you get quite a few miniatures. They aren't painted, but they would still make excellent figures for a DM to use in a regular campaign. If you're into painting, there isn't anything stopping you from painting them as well. The artwork and quality of the pieces is fantastic. The board, tokens, and most of the figures are sturdy and with proper care, should last a long time.Why didn't I give it a perfect score?-I would have liked to see more monster variety. Although, you can mix the contents of this D&D; board game with the two others that are out to give you more variety of monsters and heroes.-There are a few figures that are a bit flimsy and could easily be broken if you don't store it right or you allow younger children to play.Overall, the game is well worth the price and I promise you if you go into it with a few friends, an open mind, and not expecting a full fledged D&D; session, you will have a lot of fun with this!

This is a very simple and straightforward board game themed around the old Ravenloft D&D; campaign setting. It's basically a combination of high fantasy and horror---think dwarves and elves battling werewolves and vampires, and you'll start to get the idea.It's worth noting what this game is not: it is not a role playing game by any stretch of the imagination (wordplay not intended, but I'll take credit for it). Aside from a few lines of flavor text you read at the beginning of each adventure, there isn't much of a sense of character and setting. You won't be going to town to buy equipment, you won't be bargaining with shopkeeps, and you won't be crafting an elaborate back story for your character. Castle Ravenloft is essentially a tile exploration game in which you move your miniature, draw a tile, place a monster figure on it, and roll a die to see if you get hit. Then, on your next turn, you'll attempt bloody revenge, rolling in an effort to make monster stew. Well, maybe not monster stew. Unless you like to eat kobolds. I mean, do what you like, I won't judge you. But eating kobolds, man? Seriously??Ahem, anyhoo, you'll progress through the stack of tiles, eventually reaching a goal tile. The goal tile is usually anywhere from 10-15 tiles deep, and most adventures --the game comes with a good number of different adventures to choose from -- most adventures will feature a "boss" you'll try to slay once you reach the goal. Along the way you'll draw lots of Encounter cards, which are generally pretty brutal (roll a die and add 8, if it hits you, take a couple damage. Oh and if it misses you, go ahead and take one damage).You'll also get treasure cards, which are rewards a Hero gets for killing a monster. These can be items that provide bonuses to die rolls; sometimes they're "blessings" which provide an immediate, one-time benefit.That's pretty much it. There are wrinkles here and there-- the different adventures in the provided booklet do a good job mixing up goals and tile layouts-- but overall, the game is somewhat repetitive. Don't expect a lot of tactical choices and depth from Castle Ravenloft.It's worth mentioning that this is a cooperative game. The players don't compete, but rather work together toward a common goal. This ensures that no one has to play the "bad guys", ie, control the monsters, there are simple instructions printed on each monster card that tell you what the monster does ("move next to the closest hero and attack".)All this might make it sound like I don't like the game. On the contrary, I do quite like it. It plays in an hour, which is great. It really does provide a cool "D&D; Lite" experience. It looks great on the table. Who doesn't want to play with plastic monsters and heroes?? It also scales well with different numbers of players, being equally good played solo or with the full complement of five players.If you are looking for a quick-playing dungeon crawl, this is the one to get. Just realize what it isn't: it isn't a deep tactical exercise, and it isn't a role playing game. But if you like the theme, you'll enjoy it.

After being completely disappointed with the new DungeonQuest, and leery of anything 4th Ed D&D based, I finally broke down and bought this one.  The rules were extremely simple (in fact so simple, I wonder if they didn't leave things out).  At any rate, this was the dungeon crawler we hoped DungeonQuest would be.  In this game, the players cooperatively play through different adventures in a randomly generated dungeon to achieve a common goal.  Either everyone wins or everyone loses.  There is no "Dark Lord" or "GM" player.  Everyone plays a character, and the party/company of heroes is in it together.  For a first release I would have preferred a more "standard" selection of characters, but overall the game is very easy to jump right into and the components aid in play greatly.  Finally a dungeon game where we can all play (and die) together.

I just got this and played it a few times solo. If you are looking for good games to play when there isn't anyone to play with, this is a great one. My current favorite solo game is Arkham Horror and this game is almost as good.The gameplay involves creating a random dungeon from a large selection of heavy interlocking cardboard tiles. You need a good size table. Your band of up to 5 heroes co-operate to explore the dungeon on a set quest adventure. 13 are included in the adventure booklet. After a few games making up your own quest won't be too hard. The dungeon is created as you go so the layout will be different every time you play. The rules are fairly simple and should be easily picked up by even young kids.A nice selection of miniatures in different colors for all the heroes and monsters are included. Each of the adventures requires different unique items, monsters, tokens or cards that are all provided giving the game a large selection of props to create adventures. The card selection is good, I used about half the decks during the first couple of adventures.Everything in the game is well made except the cards. The edges of these were roughed up after the first game. They are cheap cardboard stock and not as well made as what most other game manufacturers use which are more like playing cards.Bottom line: great single or multi-player co-operative board game with good replay value for 1 to 5 players

The amount of stuff you get with this game makes the purchase well worth it. There are a ton of game pieces. The game itself takes a while to hang of but is a lot of fun once you do. Game has lots of replay due to the randomness of the tiles.

I bought this to play with my 7yo son.  Mindful that the box recommends that it is targeted to 12 year old, I had my son help me unbox the game with a plan that I would be very hands-on in an attempt to prevent any breaks or tearing during unboxing.  However, that wasn't an issue.  The components are very durable as well as very beautiful.  The game is fun and a 6 or 7 year old can play it with help from an adult.  It even helps with math and logic skills. It focuses on hack and slash more than a campaign-based game which focuses on story and character growth.Average games take 60 to 90 minutes but your first few games will take 120-150 minutes.Great fun!

Wish I had more cash to support my local game shop.  But times are tough.  It's better to play than not to play.  I've played a few times over the last year.  Once you learn the mechanics of the game it's great.  I went to youtube and watched a guy play a few different types of gameplay for this game.  I'm a total newb.  So watching the youtube videos on how to play was great.  It's more of a traditional board game once you played a few games.  It's a great way to break up a Friday or Saturday night when going out might be out of your budget.  Sure it's nerdy, but if you have an imagination and some sort of people skills you can have a great time.  Have a few beers(if your of age ;-)  and have a blast.

Even if you hate fourth edition, I think you will like this board game.  For those old school players who don't have the time anymore for traditional DnD, this is a really fun, well thought out and elegant distilling of what made pen and paper role playing great in the first place.  With no pen and paper required!

I bought this game because my friends and I used to play Dungeons & Dragons casually, and I was starting to get back into the fantasy genre.  It was a great purchase, and I was not disappointed at all.  This game is all about strategy and cooperation.  Sure, you can play it on your own, but it is much more fun with a group of people.  My boyfriend and I played this game for the first time together and fell in love with it.  I immediately purchased the third game in the series, The Legend of Drizzt, a few days later.  The best part about these games is you can combine the heroes, the villains, the monsters, and the tokens together.  You might get tired of seeing a Wraith pop up, so having a big monster card stack is pretty wonderful.  I plan on buying the second game, Wrath of Ashardalon, as soon as I have enough spare money.  The only hassle is that the boxes are quite large, and carrying around all three can be a bit burdensome.  I also wish there was a tad bit more customization with your character, but really, this is meant to be a casual, action-packed adventure.  It has inspired my friends and I to go back to playing the real deal.

Great surprise give for my nephew--he was so surprised! He's already talking about adding to the game for more game play!

Like many here, I played D&D; when I was younger but have drifted away and lost touch with most of the people I used to play with. My wife recently mentioned that she would like to give D&D; a try, and I figured that this game would be an excellent way to dip our toes in without the need for a dedicated group of players, a huge time commitment and hundreds of pages of rulebooks. I ended up getting it as a birthday present a few days ago, and so far it has lived up to expectations.The best thing for us is that everyone plays a hero; there is no need for a DM. In fact, the game can even be played solo, though that takes most of the fun out of it. The dungeon is generated randomly using interlocking tiles, and monsters and traps are controlled by the players using simple scripts. There are also no character sheets; everything is kept track of using cards and little cardboard counters. This is a dungeon crawl plain and simple with very little actual role-playing involved. You can go up to level 2 within an adventure, but there is no continuity between adventures. You simply pick one of the pre-defined characters and keep slaying monsters until you meet whatever the particular adventure's objective is, then pick a new adventure in no particular order and start again next time. While this limits the complexity of the game quite a bit, it also makes it totally "pick up and play" and eliminates the logistical nightmares of getting together a dedicated group of players on a regular basis. You can simply have a "game night" and whoever shows up grabs a character and jumps in.From our experience with our first couple of adventures, this game can be quite challenging. Your characters are subjected to a huge amount of punishment, including constant attacks from monsters and "encounters" that are almost always something nasty. Hit points become a precious resource to be jealously husbanded, and healing surges (which are like continues in a video game) go quickly. If even one player dies with no healing surges left, it's game over. However, you can adjust the difficulty by changing the number of healing surges that you start out with. For our first couple of games we decided to go with 3 instead of the recommended 2, which turned out to be a good idea.The game box itself is massive and contains a ton of components, including 41 heavy card stock dungeon tiles, 42 plastic miniatures (including a massive skeletal dragon), and 200 Encounter, Monster and Treasure cards. Everything seems to be high quality, and though the miniatures are mass-produced plastic and probably not the highest quality miniatures available, they get the job done nicely. I'm sure if you were so inclined you would be able to use these figures and tiles for a regular D&D; campaign. There is also a ton of room for additions to the standard rules and adventures included in this box. In addition to the 13 adventures included in the box, there are a number available for free download from the Wizards of the Coast website. You can also make up your own fairly easily, and the basic rules are simple enough that you can add your own house rules to suit your tastes.Overall, I'm very happy with this product. If you are a hard core roleplayer you will probably complain that this is too simple, but for people like me the fact that it is simple and self-contained is a big part of its appeal. I can happily report that my wife, who has never played this type of game before, has enjoyed herself every time we've played and is excited about trying out more adventures. We will be getting a ton of use out of this.

My friends and I are trying to get into the DnD world, and this game is doing a great job drawing us in.

I grew up playing D&D; quite a bit with my friends.  As we got older and made families we just didn't have the time to play anymore.  This board game is great on so many levels.  It is great for people like me who would like to feel like they are playing D&D; and need to do it in an hour and a half.  It is great intro for people who are curious about D&D; but have never played before.  They won't get very deep into the D&D; rule set but will get an introduction to HP, AC, movement, classes and other basic concepts.  It is also great for anyone who just wants to play an adventure game and doesn't care what world it is set in.The game comes with a bunch of highly detailed miniatures that are begging to be painted but are wonderful as they are.  The board pieces are of high quality and they are placed mostly randomly so the layout will never be the same twice.  The characters are well thought out and there really isn't a 'stronger' character in the bunch, they all have their pluses.  There are quite a few adventures to play through and there are more user created adventures online.  If you are feeling creative you can even make your own.The game works very well no matter how many people are playing.  It doesn't feel any harder or easier whether you have two players or five.  Also, you can play this game solo which is very cool.  Being a cooperative game, everyone is in it together.  I have read a lot about how the game is difficult but we have won the adventures probably 80% of the time.  Two games were won literally at the last possible move that we could stay alive.  It is very exciting when that happens and it always seems close no matter what.  The role playing element is very light.  You don't keep anything your character finds from one adventure to the next so you are starting from scratch every time you play.  However, depending on who you are playing with and how &#34;into character&#34; they wish to be, there are still plenty of role playing opportunities for those who wish to take them.This is the first of three games in the set.  I only own this one but will certainly be picking up the other two once we have really played this one out.

Even though I find the game very fun, it is also VERY tough. In Wrath of Ashardalon, and Legend of Drizzt, I find myself winning against fair challenges most of the time. But this one is almost impossible on you own. Too many monster-spawning encounters or treasure destroyers. Its very fun but the hardest one. I would recommend starting with wrath of ashardalon, then get this one.

My family and friends have had a blast playing this game and I would highly recommend it. The first time takes some figuring out but after that the game is pretty easy to setup and play. We particularly liked the cooperative nature of the game since everyone works together to complete the story and wins or losses together.Coming from a DnD background, it's clear where they took elements from the rules and where they simplified things such as attack and damage for a board game.

I've had a lot of fun playing with with the solo quest or with friends. Some of the adventures can be quite challenging but I think is what makes it fun. There are also additional adventures you find online to help extend the life of the game.

Dungeons and Dragons has been around for years. They have had multiple rule updates, and this game is based off of the more recent changes. It plays as a simplified version that is perfect for introducing new players to the series and game play style. My wife who would have never dreamed she would enjoy something Dungeon and Dragons related actually really enjoys this game.It has 13 different scenarios which are like individual games within it. They all come together to form a complete story. You and your band of heroes are trying to protect the town of Bavoria and defeat the lord vampire Strahd. The game is played on a board that grows as you journey the dungeon and is randomized so even playing the same scenario should provide a different experience.In a regular turn you move, explore a new area, fight some monsters and then bring new monsters into the game. There are traps, different environment hazards, and treasure and items to collect and help you out.The game at its core is a story. It has decent combat and the way it handles monsters keeps the game at a decent pace and does not allow it to lull or slow down. But the theme and the story are what drives you. In the last game my wife and I had to find a alter in the dungeon and recover a holy artifact and then escape. The game has a prepared reading to set the mood, and then another once you find the alter. It gets you into the game and makes that quest unique even though you are doing the same thing as in others. If you gloss over the stuff like this and just focus on moving and rolling dice you may not enjoy this game. You have to get into your roles and use your imagination just like in a real game of Dungeons and Dragons.The game comes with miniatures to help with this, little statues for all the players and monsters. They are not painted, but the details are pretty good and it is easy to distinguish between them. There are also tons of tokens for monitoring your life, as well as pretty much anything else the game does. At first it seems overwhelming but it becomes second nature after only a few turns.I have enjoyed this game so far, it works very well as a single player game also which is a plus. It has 2 scenarios specific for this, but it is not so complicated that you can not play 2 heroes at once either. Each game lasts around a hour, and set up takes 10 minutes or so. I would recommend some card protectors as this game is card heavy. While everything is constructed well and appears very durable, a little extra protection never hurts.

It is important to understand that this game is intended for people with at least a passing understanding of tabletop gaming. The rulebook can seem both over complicated and lacking sufficient instruction depending on the stage of the game.  The only way to learn and enjoy the game is to play, (and most likely screw it up the first time), while correcting errors as you go and remembering it for the next time.Once you actually undersand the game, however, it can be great fun. If you play tabletop, this is a great way to get your fix in an hour, And it can even be played solo. I can totally recommend this game to any adult with tabletop experience, who has similarly inclined friends, and a good-sized table.  To others, though, the rules may be a headache, and it doesn't have the traditional competitive vibe associated with board games.  You either succeed as a team or fail together, so competitive board-gamers will be denied their fun.  At $65 msrp, I don't think I could recommend it as a casual purchase for the un-initiated, but if you're interested in a quick d&d; experience, you have the money, and you know how to roll a d20, the game can be totally worth the cost.

Castle Ravenloft is an AMAZING introduction to the Dungeons and Dragons Board Game System. It is fun, fast paced and always exciting. It can have 1-5 players and has a high replay value. The miniatures are not painted, but that doesn't really bother me all that much. They are good, solid quality pieces and the tiles are great stock pieces. If there was one thing I would improve on with this set, it is that the miniatures, while good pieces, could be a bit sturdier. They are normal miniature stock, but for my own personal taste, I prefer the pieces to be a bit more rigid (like in the 1990 MB game Heroquest). That is the only real complaint I have. I ordered the Wrath of Ashardalon and the two Dungeon Commander sets to go along with this game. As an avid RPG player, having the miniatures and the tiles is great, and on game days when we can't think of where to go next, the adventures in the book that comes with the sets can be a great jumping off point to segue into the game session.Overall, I give this game 5 stars and congratulate WotC for putting out a fantastic game. High quality, great content and very high replay value.

Bought this for my wife for Christmas. We played the 2nd campaign (first coop) and were hooked! I'm excited to see there are a bunch of adventures and so many different ways to play. It'll keep us entertained until next holiday!

I purchased this game after reading and watching several reviews online. Neither my wife nor I has ever played a table-top RPG game, though I am somewhat familiar with the world of D&D; from a handful of the novels that I've read, the toys I had as a kid and the 80s cartoon. That was about the extent of my D&D; experience and my wife didn't even have that much.To make it short, we love the game! We played it nearly every night for about a month and our lack of experience with D&D; gaming was not an issue at all. We loved it so much I bought the sequel game Wrath of Ashardalon and we started playing it last night.It's a brutal game and we lose a lot, but that's what makes the victories worthwhile. The rulebook is kept fairly simple, which is good for the casual gamer. It might frustrate people who want to have every possibility covered in the rulebook, but we found that this lack of specificity encourages people to come up with their own "House Rules" that cover some of those special circumstances that aren't covered in the rules. We enjoy the creativity that this allows the players to use while playing. In addition, the game is different every time you play it, making the replayability a huge plus. It also allows you to create your own adventures/scenarios.On a final note, all the game pieces, cards, etc are excellent. They are very sturdy and durable, much more so than the average board game.If you like cooperative games in a fantasy setting, give this game a chance.

Many might confuse this as an RPG, but that would be a mistake. This board games borrows heavily from the D&D; 4e mechanics and might be set in the same "world" but that's where the similarities end. You won't get a long drawn out story or campaign. There isn't much in the ways of character development or item gathering (that matters from game to game at least). But there is a lot of fun to be had if you're looking for a short (30-60 minute) run through a randomly created dungeon.You get A LOT of stuff for the price too! Some great miniatures, an excellent dungeon tile set, and tokens.This game is meant to be played with others although you can play by yourself. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a board game that's a little deeper than some of the "normal" board games.

This was a Christmas gift. My brother was very happy to see it and I got it right in time.

I love D&D Ravenloft.  My favorite character was Lord Soth, the Knight of the Black Rose.  Well, he isn't in this game.  It's a different story.  Many other reviews already posted most key features and fun of this game.  The key point for me to say being many years D&D player, I still want to join the group, but time is the key concern after getting old with busy job.  This is the one of the good solution for me to enjoy quick D&D.  It combines both D&D RPG and D&D Miniature games with simple character and monster card plus miniatures and you can play as 1 player up to 5 players.  Yes, 1 players.  That's the key for me to join the advanture alone or in group with different fun and good time.  Nice game.

My boys (10 and 8) had expressed an interest in playing a traditional pen & paper RPG campaign for a while. They love fantasy world in movies, books and video games, and thought D&D; would be cool. I also thought the imagination stretching and basic math required would be a great way to stretch their minds while having fun. Unfortunately, their attention spans didn't survive our first few attempts. One day I ran across Castle Ravenloft in a hobby shop one day and decided to give it a try. It reminded me a bit of HeroQuest, a board game I loved as a kid. With pre-made characters and adventures, it looked like a hybrid between the more fully featured D&D; quests they wanted to try and the board games they already love. Best $60 dollars I've spend on a family activity.My boys love the randomness of the adventures, the combat system, and the content (what boys don't love vampires, zombies and dragons?). I love that it's cooperative, instead of competitive; so we can use teamwork and build strategies to win. I also like that they left just enough math in there to help keep their brains from being atrophied. For example, if my oldest is using the fighter character with an AC of 17  and he's fighting someone with an attack of +8, he knows he wants to roll an 8 or lower for the monster's attack. And finally, I love that the players must control the monsters too, instead of a DM controlling them. It helps add to the sense of it being "us against the monsters" instead of "us against the DM". My only real complaint is that it can sometimes take a while to set up for a particular adventure.P.S. My adult friends enjoy playing too!

Great game that plays well enough like 4th edition.  Very suspenseful, and NEVER the same game twice! Grab some friends and dive into Ravenloft!

In a nutshell, it is 4th edition DnD with tabletop miniatures and maps included.  it has the &#34;core rules&#34; incorporated for a board game edition of DnD and allows for mixing and matching between this game and the other two titles of this genre.  I have a few friends over  once in a while to play, and it's nice because we can geek out without having to go through all the headaches of keeping up with full blown DnD &#34;stuff&#34; (character sheets, and special rules, and new books, and edition changes, etc).Not quite as much fun as I used to have playing first edition rules when I was a kid, but it fits the bill for what I need at this age.

I like wizards of coast's game.I love this company.it's one of my collection.I recommend to D&D; adv game manis.

It has been years since I've played the D&D; RPG game, and although I'm interested in the new D&D; 4th edition of the RPG, I don't have the time for an on-going RPG game. This board game is a fantastic game that satisfies my desire to play the new D&D; experience.The board game rules are fast and easy to learn and play. The odds of winning are seriously stacked against the heroes, mainly due to the Encounters deck of cards. The Encounters are relentless, and I would contribute every game I've played and lost to the cards coming out of the Encounters deck.In fact, I've lost every game I've played so far, but that just keeps me coming back for more because I know the eventual victory will be oh so sweet.The only downfall to this game is that a FAQ needs to be published concerning many of the Encounter cards. Some of the text is vague, and open to interpretation during the game. When in doubt, I usually opt for what feels more difficult; since everything else in the game is so difficult.I know a second big-box game is on the way, Wrath of Ashardalon, but I also can't wait for the eventual expansions for this game.

I bought this for my son after he told me he had played once at his friend's house. It is a great game from what he tells me. This game comes with a lot of different pieces:5 different characters to play as. Each one has its unique ability and stats.Figures for characters and monsters. The figures are not cheap pieces of plastic that will break easily. They are sturdy and are very similar to the images on the cards. They even have a special skeleton dragon, which is pretty big.Cards. There are character cards, which have their different powers. There are encounter cards, which could bring you good luck, or doom you all on your quest. There are monster cards, with descriptions of their attacks and movement. There are  treasure cards too, which help a lot on these quests.Multiple quests. There are different quests at different difficulties. The easy ones are quick and easy, but the harder ones take up some time, as you struggle to stay alive and complete the mission.Lots of board pieces. There are a lot of tiles, which are added on as the game progresses. Some are standard, and the same, but others are unique. They might be used only for certain quests, or may something mysterious.Tokens for just about everything. There are some for icons, health, statuses, traps, and items.The instructions are easy to read, and the game is easy to learn. I recommend this if you want an alternative to video game and still have good fun with friends.

Its a pretty good starter set for anyone who want to start D&D; aventuresThe basic mecanics is there but i think i actually need the expansion set

This game was one of the biggest and surprises I've had in regards to Role Playing Games this year.  Most table top Role Playing Games or RPGs are very time intensive:  with a time commitment in advance to create a character, and multiple sessions to get a game started.  Now, to be fair, this is not a true RPG.  This is a "lite", RPG-like board game that incorporates many aspects of an RPG.  That is exactly what makes the game so great.  It's a fun game that throws you right into the action and you don't have to be a Role Playing fanatic to enjoy it.The game takes place in a single setting, Castle Ravenloft, and begins by throwing your characters into what is essentially a dungeon crawl.  The characters are pre-made and come from some pretty basic player classes from DnD 4th edition.  There is a little bit of character customization which comes from choosing your own "powers" or abilities that your character will use throughout the game.  Once each player has selected a character, the fun begins right away.  Each player takes turns exploring, fighting monsters, and facing the many traps and dangers that lurk within the dungeon.Scenarios are chosen from the adventure book before hand and have varying difficulties.  As the players explore the dungeon, you add new tiles to the start tile and the game board expands.  Monster, treasure and encounter cards are drawn and played as the players expand deeper and deeper into the castle.  since the dungeon tiles and game cards are always shuffled, the game will never play out the same way twice even if you are playing the same scenario.  The randomly generated factor of the game really adds a lot of replay-ability to the game.  The boss characters can also make the game very challenging.Castle Ravenloft has everything you need for your adventure packed into one complete box.  From the miniatures to the artwork on the cards and even the box itself, the game pieces are very nicely put together.  All in all, this is a solid board game that will entertain the casual player and the experienced RPG fan alike.  It is the best board I have played since Settlers of Katan and I would highly recommend it.

I got this for my daughter and me to play on game night. It is tons of fun and we had a blast with all the little pieces. True to the D&D world and fun to play. Thumbs up! Now my daughter wants to know more about the D&D world.

I got this game as a present for my husband since we had been talking about trying to play D & D together but just didn't have the time or the crew to start a real, full-length adventure.  He was already familiar with the series, but we were both beginners at the rules and nitty-gritty logistics.We have really enjoyed the game thus far.  We have both been surprised by how engaging the play is.  Waiting to see where the next tile will lead us and what the next card will bring is a lot of fun, and I think that this introduction has whetted our appetites for dungeon crawling; we already have plans to expand our collection and have found additional adventures to use when we've successfully completed the enclosed adventure pack.My one major complaint about the game is that, in condensing the rules to fit into a one-hour game, the creators may have over-simplified the rule book itself, leading to a lot of confusion for us.  Since we are not learning D & D from an experienced player, we are completely reliant on the rule book to explain even simple things like which hero is attacked if a monster is equidistant from them or whether experience is shared by the group or only held by specific players.  Our first game in particular was very frustrating because we had to constantly check the rules to explain a certain action or situation, and we were usually left with an incomplete picture of the right way to play.  Most of the online help that we found said that, in the case of ambiguity, set your own house rules and always abide by them, but since we were new to the game, we didn't really want to have to do that often (since we don't know what makes a good house rule or a fair one).All in all, we are well pleased and are getting a lot of good use out of the game already (the replay value really is incredible - I can't imagine getting bored with this game quickly).  But I recommend having an on-line guide ready if you are a beginner to the series.

I got this for my fiance for Christmas and we absolutely love it, he loves it he is a biff d &d fan and I'm just starting to get into the game but I found this game to be fun and I keep wanting to play it.

This game is great, fairly easy to follow directions, all the pieces are easy to use and work great. If you are looking for a game to try and understand the basics of D&D this is the one for you. The campaigns are set up in an easy to follow format, with cheat sheet cards that make it even easier.

Once a long time ago a young dungeon master with entirely to much fondness for vampires picked up a 2nd edition adventure called House of Strahd.  More then 15 years later an older (hopefully) wiser DM picked up this board game because he's still fond of vampires and of D&D.  I have to say its a fun game.  Is it the best boardgame ever?  I wouldn't go that far but its an honestly fun game and a BEATABLE game.  People talk a lot about how hard they think it is but honestly I've played it a 3 times so far (once solo the other two with a group) and won every single time although I'll say it wasn't an easy win (and since when is that a bad thing?).  The secret to beating the game (and since unlike a traditional game its the players versus the board game not versus each other it is beating the game) COOPERATION.  This isn't like Betrayal at House on the Hill or a lot of other board games its an entirely cooperative effort.  If you use your powers properly and work as a team you can beat it if you run off in your own directions without a strategy your going to lose.

This is an excellent intro to DnD. My wife and I have been wanting to try DnD for quite a while but didn't quite know what to do with the Red Box. We were a little over whelmed having never played tabletop RPGs before, but this board game help fill in the cracks. Not only is this a great stand alone board game and easy to learn, but it also helped us learn the very basics of DnD and give us confidence to get back into the Red Box and push forward.I highly recommend this game and play it often with friends.

got this game and played it friday night (10/15/10). we played it alot. our first play was a learning experiance. the second we were getting our legs (you can see where this is going). we started playing the 4th time and I can say we had a blast. this game allows you to rule it up or play as is. we had a blast playing it. and the game night began at 5:30 PM and ended 2:13 AM the next morning. My friends and I cant wait for the next game coming or an expansion to this one. I highly recomend this game.Now WHY I gave it 4.9 Out of 5 is theres not realy many adventures in the adventure book.

Good game.  Don't be afraid of all the pieces, it's not that bad.  The rules could be a little clearer in places, but there's lots of unofficial erratta on the interweb that addresses them.  The box art is kinda weak, but it's what's on the inside that counts.

Excellent game.  My boys love it too....rolling the dice and placing tiles is right up their alley! (Ages 10 and 5)

Really great product!!!!!! not only you feel like you are playing the rpg modules, but it also bring a lot of fun in the replay experience!!!!

great fun and great value , my son and I enjoy this game its well made and is durable ( within reason),  the quality of the minatures is fantastic and the cardstock is thick the colors are nice too,  I  think it will last a long time.the ruleset comes  up a bit short but being a  D&D product  the rules can be fudged for the sake of fun .this game is fun and keeps us away frome the video games for a change  plus you get a bunch of minatures to paint if you like and for all of you old schooler Dads out there like me you have some cool minatures  for your The Fantasy Trip  Melee and Wizard games as well  Have Fun!

This is what fourth edition DND is about - if it were fit into a self-contained, sufficient box without any extra sourcebooks to read, rulebooks to peruse, or additional props to buy, like miniatures or tiles. Wizards hits this one out of the park.Inside the box, thirteen adventures await. At least two are solo adventures: one at the beginning to serve as a tutorial, and another about midway through the book. Each adventure has a goal, and employs a special mechanic or boss. This keeps the hack-and-slash experience fresh. One adventure has the party acquiring an artifact; another has the party raiding Strahd's treasure hoard! Thirteen in all.With two players (cleric and fighter), we find ourselves challenged to nearly overwhelmed. We've gone through seven adventures so far, and we've lived to tell it. The balance in the game is very good. The mechanic of this board game is that monsters spawn virtually every turn in some fashion; coupled with the random encounter cards, the characters are guaranteed to get regularly damaged. Let's just say the healing surges - two by default - have been used up in a few adventures! The cleric "carries" (wins in a pinch) often. :)(I imagine it's even more difficult with four people, as random events and "target nearest hero" rules cause the party wizard to spend all the surges!)The level cap is two, though with house-ruling you can extend it to three or even four. From one to the other, you gain +2 hp, +1 AC, and so forth, so you can extrapolate. No need to dig out your 4e PHB. :PThe deck of monster cards contains the "AI" that a specific monster will use. Just follow the directions, and kobold skirmishers will be hurling javelins at your heroes in no time. The game is cooperative, so your friend can make the to-hit roll on your guy.The miniatures are color-coded according to type, like undead (bone beige), powerful undead (transparent blue plastic!) or monstrous/vermin (maroon). Heroes are dark blue. I like the solid coloring rather than individual paint schemes because the miniatures can be easily retrieved from a pile and placed onto a tile.The tiles are heavy cardboard stock, much like the Dungeon Tiles series. They interlock in only one way and are very durable. You'll wonder how other game companies can get away with more flimsy stock. Wizards doesn't fool around here.The rules are simple and you will learn it in no time. There are no rules for flanking or cover, but you can easily house-rule it.I pre-ordered Ashardalon's Wrath on the strength of Castle Ravenloft.I like to think this is how 4e DND was ideally meant to be played, with clear objectives, original adventures, miniatures and tiles. There's no character development or role-playing; often, what we enjoy most is surviving to move our figures another day. :) For a game to do that without a DM is impressive.I have rated "Educational Value" as five stars because the game uses a specific sequence of "phases" during each player's turn, and tracking what's been done while resolving an encounter card, and remembering that some effect ends at the end of a hero's action phase, while also thinking about how you're going to survive with your dailies gone, requires memory and attention.

As I said of &#34;The Legend of Drizzt&#34; this game is so much fun to play. If you want a game to spend hours playing, with friends or solo, then look no further

I love this game I got it cause I thought it looked like a lot of fun and I was right.  My friends and I have been having a blast with it.

I bought this gift for my stepson. We couldn't figure out how to play this, and it wasn't for lack of brains or effort.We read through the instructions repeatedly. We watched whatever videos we could find on YouTube to try to learn more. We visited the company website, AND we called customer service. We waited for 20 minutes to get a rep on the line, then waited an additional 10 for him after he put us on hold, all just to hear him tell us to keep searching online in case we could find a video to show us how. Not that any such video exists of any real quality that answers our questions.For all the instructions, they NEVER EXPLAIN CLEARLY EXACTLY HOW OR WHEN TO ROLL DICE AND PRECISELY WHAT A TURN ENTAILS AND HOW TO ROLL THE DICE. It was SO confusing we wasted most of a vacation day trying to figure it out. We tried playing but were not clear on how to do so. And we are not stupid, nor is my 12 year old stepson.IF ANYONE HERE CAN CLEARLY EXPLAIN TO ME HOW TO ROLL & PLAY THIS GAME, WE WILL PLAY IT, AND I WILL RETURN TO AMAZON AND REVISE MY REVIEW ACCORDINGLY.Until then, the instructions suck, they are extremely complex yet at the same time they are not clear and precise enough, and fall short of the mark of actually fully explaining the roll of the dice!We wanted to love this game. We play games of all kinds, including chess, with my stepson. He was so excited - we were all so excited - to play this game, and we were disappointed and really regretted this purchase. I wish someone would show us how to play it, because the instructions fell short so unfortunately we couldn't rate this game higher.

This is a great board game even for the non-D&D player. The game rules are easy to understand and the game board changes evertime you play it, keeping it fresh. There are even more senerios to be found online, making the game options almost endless. I highly recommend.

I DM a group of D&D; 4th Edition adventurers made up of my daughter and her friends.  It's often difficult to get the group together, so I bought this game as a gift for her so we could play D&D; without the group.  It's perfect!  We have had a lot of fun playing the game.  It is different every time, and we are still only about 1/2 way through the adventures.  The difficulty level is very balanced.  Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.If you enjoy 4th Edition D&D;, you will enjoy this game.

First, I bought this game for half the price during a great deal Amazon had.  It was just under 29$.  Second, the game is complete, brand new and there is SO MUCH TO IT!40 dungeon tiles5 HeroesLots of cards and tokens that can be used to make the game go in several directions!In my opinion playing with others is more fun than just playing by yourself, however, this game is so random that playing by yourself can get very exciting!It has a D&D; 4th edition feeling and games can be as short as 15 minutes and up to 1+ hour.  The over all difficulty is however you decide.I highly recommend this!

This set introduces (to me, since I started out with Wrath of Ashardalon and The Legend of Drizzt first) some interesting new mechanics, including the day/night cycle. I haven't, unfortunately, had a chance to test it out, but it does look entertaining.Unfortunately, though, many of the figures are near garbage. The &#34;wolves&#34; look like overgrown badgers. And poorly modeled ones, at that. The main guy himself (that I cannot currently remember the name of) looks to be standing on a couple of stubby legs, due to the way the model was molded. It's very strange and very disappointing. Even what is supposedly the most impressive model in the box, the Dracolich, has some major flaws. There's a giant crack running down its back where it wasn't properly molded or glued together. This is a problem that can likely be easily solved by simply dissolving the glue, filing down the pieces until the fit together better and re-gluing, but I'm not usually one to do that.All that being said, there are some very nicely crafted pieces in this set, including some skeletons that come in molded plastic holders. It is worth the reduced price (somewhere around forty, I think) we paid for it, but I'm very glad we didn't pay more. If you want some impressively crafted figures, the Legend of Drizzt and even the Wrath of Ashardalon sets offer some great ones. Gameplay-wise, it has been and looks to continue to be very fun.

This wasn't the first D&D board game I played, but it was the first one made and I have to say it seems to be the hardest for a party to legitimately win.  Even my 12 year old girl and 10 your old boy enjoy playing it on family game night.

I got the opportunity to play through Castle Ravenloft with a couple different groups of people at the PAX convention during the first weekend of September and was thoroughly impressed. The game is a great one-nighter for anyone who's played Dungeons and Dragons before, and a quick and easy introduction to the role-playing game for anyone who's never played before. Themes and some basic mechanics from the D&D; game are kept in place, though greatly simplified allowing players of almost any age to jump in and have a great time. I probably wouldn't recommend trying to play with kids under ten though, the game is a bit harder than the average board game.The game includes a large number of unpainted miniatures that are to-scale and pulled from various past D&D; minis products, so even if you're unsure how long you and your friends will stay interested in the game, it still has great value for fleshing out any other D&D; genre games you might play.

This set is a very fine game that can be played in less than an hour or more. The miniatures in the set alone make it an impressive edition to any D&D player. Aside from the 42 miniatures, there is several sheets of interlocking card stock tiles representing the areas you explore. I consider getting the other items in this series due to the quality of this set.

Potential, but needs house rules.Written: Feb 05 '11Product Rating: 2 out of 5 starsPros: -quality pieces, varied quests, cooperativeCons: no strategy, no tactical, repetative combat, annoying encountersThe Bottom Line: Even though this game has potential its not worth it.  There are other games that are more fun.  Under $40? Maybe.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Full Review:Castle Ravenloft: A D&D; BoardgameMy friends and I bought Castle Ravenloft mainly for the fact that it is a cooperative game where all players work towards an end goal together.  While this is true, the fun factor of the game just isnt there and I will explain why:First, how the game works.  The game comes with about 30 or so "tiles" which are cardboard puzzle pieces about 5x5 inches long.  Each of these tiles has a diagram of a hallway, room, or corridor and a grid of squares that is used to measure the movement of your character when exploring.  In this way as you explore you draw from the puzzle pile and attach it to the area you are headed into revealing a new area with new challenges.  So far so good.The game also comes with an adventure guide that describes what you are supposed to be doing while exploring.  It also has you set up the puzzle pile in certain ways so that the event room that holds the quest is placed "after the 8th draw" for example.  Additionally it has other factors, some adventures are timed reflecting the sun setting, some have mini boss monsters harass the players, ect. ect.  In this way each time you play there will be some variation.  The adventure guide has some 15 or so different adventures and you are free to create your own.  Still so far so good.Before you start, you choose a character from one of the five available.  Wizard, warrior, rogue, cleric, and ranger.  Then you select powers from each of their individual decks (which is only approx 8 cards each).  You dont get all the powers, you must select which ones you want therefore further making each game different.  There is also a treasure deck and each player starts with one draw from it.  Most treasure cards are expendable one time use items such as a potion of healing or a blessing that lets you use one of your other one-time use powers again.  As you explore each monster that you kill gives you another draw from the treasure deck, as well as an experience point value based on the monster.  By this point we were very excited to play and had high hopes.All of the pieces, markers, and cards were of good quality as can be expected from a wizards of the coast product.  My friends and I are not fans of the style of the art, but do recognize its quality.  We chose an adventure and rolled to see who went first and got underway...Unfortunately from here on out, the game fell terribly short of our hopes that it would be good.  For starters, each time a player explores a new area, a monster card and sometimes an encounter card is drawn.  The games phases state that once you explore a new area you can no longer move or do anything with your character.  This means that the monster(s) that were drawn will always attack first.  This takes strategy out of exploring as the result will always be the same.  Next, if a character does not explore a new area he or she must then draw from the encounter deck and 90% of those cards are detrimental like "each player on the tile takes 1 damage" or "choose a power, you can no longer use that power this adventure".  Encounter cards are like anti-treasure cards, negative things that happen.  I dont like that each character that doesnt explore a new area must draw an encounter card because sometimes if you are fighting monsters, you dont want to explore a new area thus revealing more that you will have to deal with and that will attack before you can react.Eventually the monsters and encounter cards just grind the players down to 0 hit points where they must use one of their 2 healing surges to revive themselves.  If they have no healing surges left, the game ends in a loss.  There is no way to prevent the grind.  There doesnt seem to be any epic successes or failures for either the players or monsters.  The powers mostly just let you hit things further away from you or hit every monster on a tile, ect.  There just isnt enough variation of things to do on your turn.  Its always like "I use magic missile." over and over.  Moving even seems pointless since the only factor is whether you explore a new area or not thus having to draw from the encounter deck.As you gather xp you can spend it to either level up or to cancel an encounter card drawn for 5 points each.  You can only level up once.  After that there is no character progression aside from treasure which is mostly lackluster from what we saw.In conclusion, we tried the game 2 times after that first time.  Each adventure was different granted, but the constant grind was always the same.  The game has potential!  But in my opinion you must come up with some house rules to make it more strategic and fun.  I suggest:-when a new monster card is drawn by exploring a new tile roll randomly to see on which players turn the monster acts instead of it always being the explorer's turn-let players explore new areas on their movement phase so that they can still do something after they explore-double the hit points of all non-boss monsters to compensate for the above 2 items-dont force players to draw an encounter card if they attack a monster on their turn and do not explore a new areaRecommended:No

The game itself is a ton of fun I must say, but I purchased this while it was on sale for like $35 solely for the miniatures.  D&D miniatures are really expensive right now and this set has some of the coolest minis at a cheap price.  I primed and painted them with Citadel paints and they look phenomenal.  Plus, between this, Wrath of Ashardalon(another one of the same flavor)  and Legend of Drizzt, one of the three is usually on sale.  It's fantastic way to get some nice minis cheap, which can look great if painted.  Plus the game is very fun.

I was excited about the idea of a D&D; board game. It seemed like a natural next step, and there is so much rich story to work with, that all you need is a good game system under it and you are all set. Then Castle Raveloft demonstrated that even with a lot of the work already done for you, you can make a bad game. It's castle raveloft, but aside from a bit of flavor text, nothing supports the setting. It's based on D&D;, but, aside from a few key words, very little of the flavor of that comes through either. A good game system helps tell the story, this just tells you when to roll a die. So, set all that aside and what is the game? Lay down a random tile, and a random monster, and then fight it with a simple dice roll-off. The tiles and monsters are random, the monsters movement is programmed, and there is no chance for players to use any group tactics.We have board games at my house every friday night, with a dozen or more people, and have done so for ten years. We get board games, we understood the rules. I've been a D&D; player since 1981, I get the D&D; mindset. I got a group of people at a table who were interested in the game. We went over the rules and everyone said "maybe it's more interesting than it sounds, lets give it a shot". We played a few turns and the consensus was "why are we doing this?" We boxed it all back up and played something else. Every now and then someone pulls the box off the shelf and reads the rules, then they put it back. I ask them if they want it, but no one has taken it off my shelf. I completely can't understand the positive reviews here. Others have pointed out, Betrayal at House on the Hill does it much better, Descent does it better if you have time to play that one out. Talisman has less of a dungeon feel, but does swords and sorcery adventuring better. Tomb is a wild rush into the dungeon, with traps, doomed heros, scary monsters, and loot worth losing a cleric and a rogue to get. How this game gets a sequel is beyond me. I wouldn't even try that if you paid me, based on my experience with this game.

This comes with good models and board game pieces. The game play is not what I expected, the heroes in this have no ability to stop creatures from appearing and hammering you in the face every single round. You can still win but it's a lot of luck and very little tactic. Other dungeons and dragons board games have better heroes for diversity. The rogue in this game is the better wizard and the wizard is the better rogue. Get the legend of Drizzt or wrath of Ashardalon instead.Unless you want a few cool models and a box with a sweet vampire on it.

I would recommend this game to any fan of fantasy themed board games. I've always enjoyed the dungeons and dragons universe and this game is no exception. While it may seem daunting to some, keep in mind that the game contains outlines for different adventures with varying difficulty levels.There are a lot of pieces but not all of them will be used for each adventure. Also, the rules can be flexible. Its kind of like landing on free parking in monopoly.  Depending on the house rules you may or may not get $500. Not everything is black and white where the rules are concerned. Let your imagination run wild. You can also use the pieces available to custom make you're own adventures. Or combine the other adventure system board games and dungeon command skirmish games to this and get even more creative. They all interconnect.The miniature figurines are not prepainted so have some fun painting those as well. If you dig deep enough you can find user generated content online to add to your game. There are additional themed cards for monsters, heroes, encounters...etc. You can even find user created adventures.Now if only I can find friends to play this game with. I'm only kidding. My wife enjoys playing and I've even played a few games over FaceTime with my brother and his family. That takes some extra preparation though. All in all this game has brought us hours of enjoyment with a lot more to come.

Once I opened the box and unpacked everything I was ecstatic. The tiles are nice and thick so they should hold up well to countless replays. The mini's are great and as far as I can tell, it's all compatible with the RPG game. I foresee me running encounters and campaigns using the components from all 3 boxes. Great buy.

This is a great game to play if you are into rpgs but don't necessarily want to take all the time necessary to set up characters and everything. NOT FOR KIDS. Just too much information and rules for a young child to understand. However, the little figures are really fun for them to play with!

This game is great and can be played by yourself or with several friends.  It does require a pretty large surface to play on since all the maps are random.  This game is team based, meaning that everyone works together to accomplish the goal of each adventure.  The game comes with over 10 different adventure each with its own distinctive element.  Great fun each game is never the same.

Let"s face it- D&D; Ravenloft campaign setting was extremely nasty.You could suffer ill effects just from being there!Yes the Castle Ravenloft boardgame is extremely nasty, too. The encounter cards actually put more fear in my heart than the monsters did, since a black arrow on a tile meams you must resolve an encounter card AND a monster card.I've only yet played the first solo scenario three times and been crushed three times. One encounter card called for a monster to be activated on every unexplored map tile edge. This led to FOUR monsters being activated and another activated for placing the tile itself. This led to highly masochisticly amusing chase where running away caused more tiles to be placed, more monsters activated, more dreaded encounter cards.In the end, Count Von Strahd activated, chased me down, put me out of my misery. If this sounds like fun, buy this game NOW. Personally, I find the brutality of Castle Ravenloft refreshing. Unfair at times? Yes. Over the top at times? Yes. A DM I used to play with used Ravenloft setting as a purgatory for annoying players. If someone was rude or disruptive, all this DM had to do was say the word "Ravenloft" and they would adjust thier behavior. This boardgame adaptation of Ravenloft is true to the campaign world it is based upon.

I just had the opportunity to play the Dungeons and Dragons Castle Ravenloft game, and I have to say that I am disappointed. Reviews I have read implied that the game was somewhat of a cross between D&D; 4th edition and Betrayal at House on the Hill (an excellent cooperative game with multiple scenarios). I really wanted to like this game. Though not a fan of D&D; 4th edition, I did consider that ruleset would make a great boardgame. Sadly, I found this game to be severely lacking.The way the game is structured, you have a scenario with a win condition known at the start of the game (the sessions I played were an escort mission, and a quest to kill a dracolich). Players then take turns moving and exploring, with player turns working much like D&D; turns. The exploration system is my primary problem with the game. You go to the edge of the board, and lay down a random tile. Every tile has a monster, and every monster immediately attacks the character. There is no opportunity for reaction, tactics, etc. There are several reasons why this is problematic.D&D; characters have strengths and weaknesses. Take, for example, the wizard. A wizard's strength is being able to attacks enemies from afar, often multiple ones. Their weakness is typically lack of ability to take damage, represented by a low hit point total. Castle Ravenloft's Exploration/Encounter system heavily penalizes the wizard character for having fewer hit points than the other characters. We came to realize that this character was just not viable for playing.Another weakness is the Exploration/Encounter system, as I mentioned before. Every exploration reveals an enemy. And while it is nice that all players cooperate, the tactics they use largely make them feel the same.Another game that occupies this same conceptual space is Descent. Also a dungeon crawl game, Descent has one player operate as the Overlord, controlling the monsters. Its gameplay is smoother and more satisfying, but it does not play so quickly. A better horror exploration game that plays in a similar amount of time is Betrayal at House on the Hill (mentioned earlier). Primarily cooperative, it uses a traitor mechanic that causes one player to unexpectedly betray the party, which sets into motion a story-driven scenario, where both the traitor and the rest of the players have distinct win conditions.To sum up, this is not a good game. There are planty of other good cooperative games to measure this against. The poorly-conceived systems diminish its playability, and its small number of scenarios limit its replayability. I would seriously consider either of the games previously mentioned above this.

After reading many positive comments about this game and watching the "unboxing" video on the WotC web site [...] I decided that this would be the perfect introduction to DnD for my daughters (ages 11 and 12).  The general consensus that I got from reading up on the game was that it plays very much like DnD 4th Edition with the role of the GM played by the careful, but brief rule system.  The box contains a rule booklet (available as a PDF download from the game site), and an adventure booklet that contains several 1-page adventures, each of which customizes the rules of the game towards a specific scenario.  Additionally, WotC provides a couple of supplemental adventures as downloads from the Castle Ravenloft site.the only drawback to the game is that it requires a LOT of table space.  Depending on the adventure you choose, and the direction that your players choose to explore throughout the randomly generated dungeon, you can quickly create a large, unwieldy dungeon that stretches to the very edges of your table surface (and beyond).  This leads to making decisions about which directions to move based not on where you want to go, but where there is room on your table to expand.In addition to the ever growing dungeon, each player also has to deal with the many cards required to play.  Every player gets a "hero card" which is a heavy stock cardboard card that measures about 6x6 and features the essential stats for their chosen hero (cleric, rogue, ranger, fighter, or mage).  Each player also gets 5-6 power cards that describe their at-will, utility, and daily powers.  As players defeat monsters they acquire treasure cards, and as the game progresses they may acquire any number of monster or encounter cards.  There are also 40 plastic figurines for monsters and players, and decks for treasure, encounters, and monsters that must be accessible to all players.  With a game featuring 3 or more players, things can quickly devolve into a chaotic mess if you're not careful.  In our second game, which featured a villain that could cause the dungeon to randomly expand) we were forced to move the dungeon and our cards several times to make room for the expansions and keep track of the monsters that were spawning on every turn.Despite the apparent complexity with so many game items to keep track of, both of my daughters were able to quickly pick up the basics of the d20 system and, by the mid point of our second game, were quickly and easily calculating the necessary rolls with specific attack bonuses to hit the armor class of the monsters that they had targeted.  It made this father very proud to hear my 11-year-old say: "OK, so my tide of iron has a +8 to attack, and that skeleton has an armor class of 16.  But I'm on the same tile as the level 2 mage, so I get a +1 bonus to my attack roll.  I need to roll a 7 or higher to hit him."  As an educational tool it definitely teaches kids to quickly do simple mental arithmetic, and keep track of lots of variables (treasure, traps, encounters, hit points, and bonuses).Overall, it's a fantastic game that's fun for everyone, and is a great on-ramp to more open ended DnD sets in the future.  I'm very satisfied!

My son really liked playing this game with me. Its &#34;cooperative&#34; play, so players are basically challenging the dungeon scenario and not each other.The game is complex, but not so complex that my 10 year old didn't get it with my grown up guidance.Some elements of the rules require some thought, and common sense approach. A visit to the developers website has additional scenarios for free you can download.The game does not allow for easy victory. There were a couple of cliffhanger &#34;endings&#34; where we thought we had it locked up, only to lose! Actually, that makes it a fantastic game! You have to work to win it.

I thought that I would not enjoy this board game. I have played the original RPGS, and was very doughtful with the board game. I enjoyed the game a lot and play it often with my son.

This is a very fun game, and a great introduction to the mechanics of D&D RPGs and actually it served as a basics refresher for me having not played D&D since I was a kid. The tiles and figures add to the theme's feel. Arguably the tiles could have been illustrated with more detail and variety (I'm thinking of Descent's gorgeous tiles), but they're pretty nice and made from a sturdy stock. The figures are fantastic, except for (disappointingly), Vlad himself, who looks the furthest thing from imposing, especially when compared to the bone dragon or any of the heroes. Kinda looks like Seth Green wearing clothes that are too big for him, unfortunately. Gameplay is not terribly complicated but you will have to invest a little time with the rulebook (or fans' youtube videos), especially if you've had no D&D experience. Once you do, the game is immensely fun and satisfying, and the creepy theme really shines (oozes?) through, but I will warn you it is challenging. You will find yourself cheating a bit in the first few games, because you didn't realize you should have done some other action prior but didn't know the game well enough, or just because it's a hard game but you want to go a little further to see what's ahead. For example in the first solo game, the game ends when you finally get to the Secret Staircase. If you're lucky enough to have this tile be at the top of your stack, you're golden. You'll fight a few monsters and win. But more often than not, you'll be turning over tile after tile and the monsters don't stop coming. You'll be wondering where that #$^$^ tile is. If it's near the bottom, you're screwed (and I hope you have enough table space. There are a dozen or so missions, with varying difficulty and objectives and there are even a couple you can download from their website. And like all D&D there's nothing stopping you from making up your own. It's a fantastic game, that's fun with others or even by yourself as you'll discover when you do that first mission just to learn the game. Trying to decide if I want to buy the other two games in this series or if they're too similar, but I'm having a great time with Ravenloft.

The rule book isn't detailed enough and I was constantly left wondering what I was supposed to be doing. Once I got the hang of the shallow game play, I became bored and shelved it. I'm really disappointed because I was so excited to play.For future games, make the rule book longer so the rules arn't vague.

I read about CR via a Penny Arcade news post. Picked it up, because it seemed like a fun quick low-thought process D&D. It plays out like Diablo, and it can get very hard. My only warning is that there are a ton of pieces and the gameboard can get very big so I hope you have a large table :)

This game is great and I'm sure a person could play it by themselves. But I ran a few adventures for a group and acted as the DM instead of playing a character. This way I could keep most of the mechanics of the games a secret and let the game have more of a true D&D; feel, it worked great.Contents of the box seem fairly high quality. Figures aren't painted just molded with one color. The card stock is the typical stuff and will hold up well.It is an incredibly easy game to learn and far easier to learn than most card games. The instructions are easy to read and quick to reference. I bought it at my local hobby shop for $65.

As an owner of the game, I discovered that Castle Ravenloft is the perfect game for when my regular pen and paper d20 group is missing a player. No Gm, no prep time, no bringing a dozen books, no pencil or note keeping, just a simple night of d20 without all the paper, dice and books spread out on the table. (Yes, the pizza and beer still takes up just as  much room as it does any other night. If your group loves D20, this is a great alternative. You will learn the rules quickly, because you already know most of them, and all the prep takes is getting the stuff out of the box.The only criticism I have with the game is that the figs are not painted and it doesn't come with a plano storage box or card boxes (I use a card tin from Magic. I doubt that I will buy the second game that is being released in December because one is enough, and while story line is different, the point of this board game is not story as much as it is a random unknown dungeon crawl.

I really enjoy this.  You can play with other people, or even by yourself.  There are 2 solo adventures included in the adventure book, but it's possible to play each of the characters by yourself as well.  This was very cleverly done - it seems impossible to make total dead ends and the monsters have an order of operation that keeps the person running them from having to make decisions about their activity.  The bosses have some neat abilities that take advantage of this game's unique mechanics. The Encounter cards are sometimes much too harsh, but that's the closest I can come to a criticism of this game.  I highly recommend it.  Also, it comes with minis which are the same ones released in their sets, just not painted.  They are theoretically usable in play of other D&D games beyond this one, perhaps as minions.  The white dracolich fills a definite hole in my collection.

(I bought this one for my 11 year old nephew, who loves it.  I already have it)I grew up playing D&D; in the 70's.  I have a lot of fond memories of it. I don't have the time to learn the new rules and get together with a lot of people to play it like I used to.  I had heard about this from a friend and immediately got it.  It's not a full-blown D&D; adventure but a very good 1-2 hour game that you can play by yourself or with friends.  My friend plays D&D; and he liked this game.  It's quick and if you have a good group there are many strategy decisions to be made.  the game is varied enough for replay value plus they have a couple other similar games (Wrath of Ashardalon, Legend of Drizzt) that can be combined.  Also, they have some extra scenarios on their website.  If you get this game, you MUST go to the BoardGameGeek website as that community has created a lot of extras (rules, scenarios, cards) that can be used with this game which really enhance the product and make a great game even better.If you have family or friends that are turned off by the words Dungeons and Dragons or are not into fantasy type games, don't worry.  I think the game is fun enough that they will enjoy it.  My wife could care less about D&D; but really enjoyed playing this on multiple occasions.  There is some fun decision making and she also enjoyed killing off the monsters 8-)The people that complain about it not being a full blown D&D; game (with Dungeon Master, multiple leveling up, etc..) did not do their due diligence in researching this game.All in all, a fun game that was recently voted as Origins Game of the Year for 2010.

This game is a fun, cooperative dungeon crawl for up to 5 players. It takes about 60 minutes to complete an adventure. The play is fast and furious. The players' chance of success is around 50%, which keeps things interesting. I have played D&D for many years and have usually had to play the bad guys because no one else wanted to DM. This game is like a greatly simplified version of D&D that allows me to play a hero for once. The game runs itself without a DM, for example, through the use of simple AI tactics for the monsters. All in all, it is great fun. It is simple enough that young children can even play. If you want a quick, fun, and exciting dungeon crawling board game, this is it. I just hope that Wizards of the Coast publishes some expansions for the game to increase the number of options available in the future. Extra monsters, character classes, encounters, and treasures would be most welcome.

Years ago, during my junior high and high school days, I was a connoisseur of tabletop RPGs.  I had my gang of players and we would spent hours and weekends playing whatever RPG we had in front of us, from D&D; to White Wolf to Gurps and beyond.  As I grew older and grew apart from my old friends, my books have gone into storage.  I always want to get back into those games, but my friends, even my geeky ones, don't normally have the patience, drive or desire to really dig into a campaign setting.  And finding the time to both create massive adventures on my part but also finding the discrete amount of time each week or so to sit down and play for a few hours is difficult now.  When I heard about Castle Ravenloft (one of my favorite campaign settings), I immediately perked up.  Here, I thought, was a chance to dig back into the game in a way that wasn't as complicated or time-consuming (or, let's be honest, as geeky) as a full-fledged campaign.  After I ordered it, I became very worried because most of the reviews I've read across the internet have said it's too hard.  I was afraid that it'd turn of my fellow gamers and the box would languish like my 2nd edition D&D; books.Here is my experience after a couple playthroughs:Castle Ravenloft is a huge box.  It dwarfs all other equally large board games I own like Betrayal at House on the Hill and Last Night on Earth.  It also comes with a ton of pieces (a good thing, considering the price of this monster) for you to punch out.  As listed above in the product description, there's dozens of miniatures, an equal amount of interlocking dungeon tiles, around 200 encounter and treasure cards, a rule book, a scenario book (with about a dozen scenarios) and a 20-sided die that I'm pretty sure is out to kill.  What it doesn't explain is the amount of other punchable tiles to indicate hit points, conditions (like slowed and immobile), traps, treasures, monsters, character and "boss" stocks (i.e. Strahd) with stats and other assorted items you'll use in the scenarios. I spent a good amount of time punching out the dungeon tiles and the other tiles, skimming the cards and just admiring how awesomely designed the entire thing is.  It's not cheap materials in this box.  Wizards did a terrific job making this stand out, from a workman perspective.  The only complaint I'd level is that the dungeon tiles are kind of mundane.  The art is pretty typical "dungeon tile" and lacks flair.The Rulebook is very slim and sometimes ambiguous.  I've read through it a couple times and it took running a game and coming up with house rules to deal with ambiguity to really understand everything.  For example, it mentions the white and black arrows on the dungeon tiles and tells you that if there's a black arrow, you have to draw an encounter card.  But it doesn't tell you what the white arrow means, except that it's the difference between a difficult situation and an easier one.  The implication is that you don't draw an encounter card when the white arrow is there (or, I discovered later, some scenarios explain a specific thing to do if the arrow is white), but it doesn't spell it out.  And it can be confusing the first few times you play through the game.  Likewise, some dungeon tiles have skulls on them and some don't.  I couldn't find in the book exactly what those mean, so we just decided that it meant you had to draw a monster card.  I'm sure there will be an errata online to address the nebulous rules but you'd think that the game you purchased would have the rules clearly laid out.  Sifting through the forums shows that a lot of people have made up house rules to address some of the ambiguity.For our first game, we went with the second scenario (the first scenario is for one player).  It was the most straightforward and presumably easiest: the goal was to locate the chapel, find the Icon of Ravenloft and escape with it.  The game comes with five characters/classes (fighter, wizard, priest, rogue and ranger) and each character has a selection of power cards that they can use once in the game or at will.  Thankfully, the game suggests specific cards if you don't know what you're doing.  We went with those and it was fine.  The game is split into three phases for each player: Hero, exploration and villain.  During the hero phase, you can move a set number of spaces on a tile and/or attack.  If you reach the end of a tile, you draw another dungeon tile and set it down.  The tile will indicate whether you have to draw an encounter card or not and whether to place a monster.  If you have an encounter, you have to draw an encounter card and it'll tell you what to do.  Most of the time, some random monster will attack you or everyone on your tile.  You roll the dice, add their attack to it and see if it's above or below your armor class.  If it's above, you take the damage listed on the card.  If it's below, you either take no damage or, more often than not, take one damage regardless.  Encounters are 90% mean.  You don't want to deal with them.After the encounter, you draw a monster card and place the miniature on the bone pile in the room.  Because the game doesn't have a game master to control the monsters, if you draw the card, it's your monster to control.  Castle Ravenloft intelligently deals with this by using the monster cards.  Each monster has a specific tactic that you use, which follows a "If the monster is within one tile of you it does this" or "if the monster is next to a hero, it does this."  Some monsters, like gargoyles, won't move if you are over one tile away from them.  But most of them will move towards you and attack.  The difference is which attack they'll use.  As an example, a spider will bite you if it's next to you.  If it's within a tile from you, it'll use its web attack to slow you and then move to you.  If it's over a tile away, it'll simply move towards the closest hero.  Killing the monster means you keep the card which in turn acts as experience points.  Experience points are very important because you can spend five points to cancel out an encounter; or, if you roll a natural 20, you can spend five experience points to go up to level two...obviously this doesn't happen very often.Castle Ravenloft can be a very intense game.  Because there is no game master and in order to prevent heroes from taking their time and just slowly taking care of monsters, waiting around and healing up (using a cleric ability, for example) before continuing on, Ravenloft throws encounters at you with wild abandon.  If you don't explore (reach the end of a tile and place another), you have to draw an encounter card.  Likewise, if you are fighting three monsters and it's not going well (meaning, you can't continue on and explore), you have to draw an encounter card.  This can quickly spike the difficulty and overwhelm you to the point that you won't win.  You only get two healing surges (we played with three, as was recommended in the rulebook for "lowering the difficulty") and all of the scenarios end if even one player is dead.  In case it's not evident: Castle Ravenloft is hard and often punishing.  Once you add in traps that can smash you into walls, shoot arrows, or immobilize you among other crazy cards you can pull, your chances of survival seem almost nil.  The game is stacked against you.  That said, we managed to barely survive our first game based on right-timed skills (the fighter's dragon breath at the end which ended up hitting all three monsters and killing them) and luck.  But we had fun the entire time.With twelve wildly different scenarios and two available to download from Wizards' website, there's a lot of replayability in Castle Ravenloft.  I will end with a little anecdote about our first playthrough.  I was playing with two friends.  One had a bit of experience both with computer RPGs and some table top experience.  The other had absolutely no experience.  At the beginning, she just took what power cards were dealt to her, looked them over and said "I have no idea what any of this means."  She didn't really care what was going on.  But something interesting happened.  As the game progressed, she grew more and more into it, and at the end when we were faced with three monsters and it looked grim she excitedly and animatedly jumped up, yelling, "OH! I can use my dragon breath skill and kill them all!" It made me smile.  While Castle Ravenloft is geared towards pen and paper geeks like myself, it is simple enough that someone who has never played through a module (let alone know what a module is) can pick it up and have a great time.

I enjoyed this game quite a bit.  A lot of the mechanics are simplified from full D&D;, so it's easy and intuitive to get this game up and running.  Some of the gameplay can be frustrating at times, as it feels like the game is really trying to grind you down, particularly with all the encounters and monsters getting to attack first.  On the other hand, gameplay seems reasonably balanced, so I guess it all works out in the end.As for value, this game comes with a ton  of stuff, and a lot of different scenarios to play.  It's definitely worth the price

love it .. actually for my retired us navy bro... i sent it over to him as a gift  He likes it a lot

This board game is a great experience for any fan of role playing games.  You don't need to buy any Dungeons and Dragons rule books or think hard about creating a character for a tabletop gaming experience.  I like to refer to Castle Ravenloft as "D&D; Light".  I would also refer to it as a great introduction to the world of Dungeons and Dragons.  The campaigns and scenarios that come with the game are very fun and make full use of all the components.  The real fun comes when you choose to use your included tools to create your own version of the game.  There is absolutely nothing stopping you from adding your own created items, stipulations, encounters, cards, or specific rules for a scenario.  There is nothing forcing you to do so either.  The game can be easy or extremely hard depending on your luck with dice roles or monsters/encounters drawn, as well as the number of players.  In fact, you might want to add stipulations requiring additional monster draws if you have a full party, otherwise the game is rather easy.  A randomized tile drawing system ensures that your dungeon is never the same, even if you play through the same scenario.  It also includes a fog-of-war element that is well conceived.  For players of Dungeons and Dragons, or other board games of this nature, Castle Ravenloft is a little different in the fact that there is no single player driving the nemesis/dungeon master/enemy mechanics.  Every player's turn also governs the intelligence of the monsters that came into play on their previous turns.  The monsters themselves come with their behavior rules listed on the cards, giving you the directions of how they move, when they attack, what attack they use, etc.  The game pieces themselves are of good quality.  Only the skeleton warriors are somewhat frail (I recommend keeping them in the plastic moldings when not in use), though many of the tokens have weapons or features that are prone to bending, but not breaking.  Sometimes the rules can be a little vague in reference to specifics.  This FAQ is fan created, but set's a good standard for questions that might arise with no official answer.-- [...] --  This game revolves heavily around dice rolls and random card draws.  It is fun, but can seem a bit boring to people with short attention spans or those without imagination or an interest in fantasy settings.  I don't think younger children would enjoy it all that much, but that would depend on each individual.Regardless, it is a fun game with very well done mechanics and the ability to be tweaked or changed to any owner's desire.  If you've always wondered what Dungeons and Dragons was all about, or if you would ever like it, this board game is a good starting point.  It's also just a pretty darn good board game, period.

My group of seasoned D&D; players (2nd Edition through 4th Edition) decided to try this out instead of our regular campaign recently.  After playing it for a few hours, we came to the conclusion that the only way to enjoy the game as shipped is to just laugh at the fact that every card draw is most likely either going to kill you or come close to killing you.I have seen it said that this game is "D&D; Lite" or that it could be used as a gateway to get people into playing actual D&D.;  That is patently ridiculous.  If anyone who has never played D&D; thought this game was a good representation of it, I highly doubt they would play D&D;, which is actually much less difficult and far more enjoyable than Castle Ravenloft.Now, I know there are people who like a "challenge" or who think they are smart and special because they put up with a ridiculously difficult game.  That is fine if you are into that sort of thing, but my group would rather actually enjoy themselves.  After we played we came up with a bunch of house rules that could actually make the game playable.If nothing else, I guess it gives me some dungeon tiles and single-color minis to use.

The D&D; Castle Ravenloft board game is a fun game to play when you're stuck inside the house.  You can play solo or with others and features infinitely changeable environments so no two games are the same.  There are 13 adventures to be completed and each adventure takes a few hours to finish, so there is a ton of replayability and story to this game.  You don't need to be a D&D; or fantasy fan to enjoy this game.  It even features a limited level-up capacity for the character(s) you choose, making this of interest to those who are used to standard RPGs.The only drawback I see is the order of actions as stated in the rules can get a little confusing and complex, making this a game you won't necessarily be able to just open right up and dive in with.  It takes a little while to get used to the mechanics.  It also takes a while to unpack and sort all the little pieces that come with this game so the first time you play this make sure you have at least 4 hours or so to really get prepared and play through the first adventure.I recommend this for anyone who likes board games and is willing to try something original, just so long as you're okay with taking an extended amount of time the first playthrough for physical setup, organization and getting used to the play mechanics.

Who am I:Middle aged married guy who loves Sci fi, video games and fantasy novels. Used to play D&D; and then AD&D; around twenty years ago. Haven't been involved with any serious groups since then so I have no experience with any editions of D&D; that cause such a rift in the community. This means that I am not hopelessly in love with any specific Edition of D&D.;-Note for various D&D; Edition FanGirls and FanBoys- If you are a 4th Edition Hater and can't get past that, you most likely will not enjoy these games as they are based, in general, on the 4th Edition rule set. If you don't know what that statement means, or if you are capable of enjoying what each Edition has to offer, you should have no problems.Why I love the D&D; Adventure Systems:Castle Ravenloft(CR), Wrath of Ashardalon(WoA) and Legend of Drizzt(LoD): They work as a stand alone product and offer a dungeon crawling, limited leveling, monster slaying experience with no previous knowledge of how D&D; works. And all in sessions that can be finished in an hour or two. The minimal time commitment involved is fantastic.Or, if you find yourself filled with nostalgia and desire a fuller, longer campaign with further leveling options or new characters, these games can be tweaked to allow for that. Especially with some of the user created content online, the photoshop templates on boardgamegeek.com in particular are wonderful. Also this [....]address has a plethora of new content. The extra leveling options are definitely my favorite. The truth is that I screamed in happiness when I ran across them. I sounded like a ten year old girl getting a pony. A unicorn pony. with wings. A Unicorn Pegasus Pony that appeared in a shimmer of rainbow colors. And now I am deeply ashamed...........*sigh* I am such a nerd.The game system totally allows for expandability in many ways. It's kind of a gateway drug for D&D; honestly. I find myself consistently wanting just a bit more of the actual RPG experience. We tweak the game a bit and suddenly our experience is just a bit fuller and more satisfying. Not nearly as detailed and time intensive as an actual D&D; or Pathfinder game though. Such a great balance for us.They don't have to be expanded upon though, to be immensely enjoyable. Any of the three games are enough in and of themselves to be hugely gratifying and offer much re-playability. The expandability is just something that makes them extra cool and versatile in my opinion.All three systems use totally interchangeable materials. Some of the cards may be context sensitive and not seem to fit in a particular environment but other than that you can use everything in each of the games. This provides Awesomeness Bonus of +2.The map tiles and figurines both are an unbeatable value and can be easily incorporated into a "real" D&D; session.Everything in the box, other than the manuals, is of superb quality. The figurines alone would easily cost you double what you pay for the set here. And if you paint figurines, which I do, you will have just gained around forty new minis to paint. Joy in and of itself there.Possible Cons:I saw in the review for one of the three games that some dude was just totally disgusted with how these games "punish" the players for almost every activity they engage in. The guy was totally a Hater. However, he wasn't necessarily wrong. The game does seem to be constantly throwing things at you that often don't feel fair. Notably, the Encounter cards. Which brings me to the next con and a solution to the "punishment" issue....The instruction manual will not answer every question that will come up. It is left up to the players to decide how certain things should work. Which is how a "real" D&D; game works. Your group plays the game the way they want to play it. If you simply cannot function without every rule spelled out for you, this may be a problem. Otherwise you'll be fine. And in terms of rule tweaking and the punishment issue- we decided to change how often we draw encounter cards as well as a couple other minor aspects of the game. This has served to make our sessions a lot more fun. Don't be afraid to tweak the rules in order to play the game how you want to play it.The manuals are pretty cheaply put together. They may not hold up well to use by younger players or spilled drinks. I took ours apart and put the pages in plastic binder inserts. We now have all the material for all the games in a single, sturdy, custom decorated notebook. Which is awesome btw. (Disclaimer for claim of awesomeness: I created the custom artwork:)Space. With all the cards and map tiles and bags of monsters and tokens that get used in a typical session, you may find you need a bit more space than an average board game. All of the aforementioned items can quickly end up being a mess. As a solution we have everything securely contained in varying sizes of ziplock bags. Including the map tiles in a 1 Gallon size bag. Perfect for storage and during play.There is no actual role playing or in town scenarios. If you want to get into a brawl over the serving wench's honor at The Yawning Portal Inn in the city of Waterdeep, then you should just find a gaming group and play Pathfinder or D&D;(any Edition). Or perhaps, after stumbling into a gathering of Dirty Orcs in the Gloomy Forest of Gloom and Terror, you want to attempt to use an illusion to convince them you are a deity and sell them into slavery in the Land of Thay. As opposed to just killing them. Again, just go find a full-on game of D&D.; These systems can be worked to allow for things like that to some degree, but they aren't designed to be open world or allow for anything other than a dungeon crawl with combat and a final, combat based, objective.So:If you want "real" D&D;, then you may be more satisfied finding a group and getting involved.If you want a game that allows you to engage in D20 based combat, with figurines, that represent a character with minimal leveling capacity. And that can be played by anyone. These systems may be just the thing for you.Also of note: The Dungeon Command games have interchangeable map tiles, monster cards and figurines that can be used seamlessly with the Adventure Systems. I love this as it ads even more expansion options.

Not what I was expecting, It's kinda boring, predictable and monotonous. The stories are Ok but it's nothing like a real D&D game like I thought it would be...

I am new to Dungeons & Dragons concept so I wanted something fairly simple that I can play with kids.I love this game because it:- is easy to understand from good manual- pieces and board are of good quality- it comes with over dozen of adventure stories- with adult around even kids as young as 7 years can learn it pretty quickly- because you can combine pieces in any manner you can create your own games easily

