It's gigantic. I've placed it on the wall in front of my desk. It shows population and vegetation and land use as well as the north and south polar regions. Beautiful to look at.

I tried getting this map for my father's Christmas present and ordered it three weeks before Christmas. Two weeks after Christmas they informed me that they are canceling the order because they couldn't fill it. That's no way to run a company.

We ordered the 'Enlarged Tubed' map.First, this Amazon listing is very confusing because it says that the map is laminated, but depending on what size you pick it really isn't. (Even though the 'Traditional' and the 'Enlarged' are the same size, only one comes laminated.) Very deceiving since the comments here say the same for all maps, and mention that it is laminated.When we got the map in the shipping tube, as soon as we pulled it out, we noticed the ends had crumpled and that the middle had to crinkle marks that are across the whole map. Not sure if this is from shipping (since the tube was in fine shape), or from when the map was rolled with the shipping paper.The map itself is a beautiful print with great detail and is the only reason we're keeping it.Overall slightly disappointed. The laminating thing we could have noticed when ordering, but never really looked since the comments said laminated, but are apparently for both types of map. There probably should be two separate listings for this product. Guess it shows that we should only buy from places where the description is really detailed.

The map is very nice and came undamaged. When we ordered it, we thought it was going to be laminated. It is not. My one complaint is that the International Airport symbol obliterates small the countries and islands they are located on. A different symbol or symbol size would have been nice. However, it's nice to have this very large map to refer to when watching world news events on TV.

A real good product. Would recommend to anyone. Especially for kids. All the countries have new(updated) names. People should know Geography.

We have made a missions wall.  This map framed looks like a professional painting that displays the world in a format that allows us to see every country completely

The map is a good size and fills up a good portion of the wall it is less thick than I imagined the laminate to be but for that easier to put on the wall and pin up. I like the vegetation and population density miniatures at the bottom as well although if I was not going for the aesthetic it would be nice to have a better contrast delineating each country outline.

Looks amazing in our living room. It has so many details on it that you could look at it for hours. Great choice for those adventurers out there.

The map is exactly what I wanted. The colors are attractive and subdued, giving it a hint of the old world vibe. I did the mounting myself similar to what was suggested in another review: I bought a piece of very thin plywood, had it cut to size at the store, and used a spray adhesive to connect the map to the board. Some wood trim was screwed in place around the edges. Overall it was ~$60 total, and it really ties the room together.No problems with the shipping. Overall great experience.

The map was packaged perfectly and is a great addition to the home. I would suggest this buy to a friend.

I was able to get a custom frame made very cheaply, and we hung it up in our travel-themed bar.  Once we unrolled it and laid some heavy books over it for the night, it stayed fairly flat and fit into the frame easily.  My wife and I have been using map pins to mark all of the places we've traveled since being married.  If you're using it as a study tool that you frequently roll up and put away, you might have a problem with it laying flat.  For the U.S. and Canada section of the map the states and territories are labelled as well as capitals and other big cities.  For the rest of the world the countries, capitals, and big cities are labelled.

Colors look antique but yet very contrast. Quality of laminate is good. Came very quickly. Five stars. Exactly what I expected.

Love it. I purchased the 30 x 46 size. It's large, so measure the space before you purchase it. I got it laminated (if offered, you have to email the company separately, and pay via paypal) and it was worth it because putting it up was slightly difficult considering the size, and I'm pretty sure without it I could have bent or torn it accidentally. Plus, it is a beautiful lamination job, so it will continue to look better as time goes on. I will consider framing this in the future, I'll be hanging on to it for a while.

The wall map is the perfect size for my wall and looks just as the pictures does. I've always wanted one and I really like the vintage color!

Big, easy to read and identify locations (again for my 5 yo). Laminated map is durable and can be marked and cleaned.

Map is in good quality. It's quite descriptive. It's very detailed. It's quite resistive against dents. It will be great on-wall reference. Great map!

Got the larger size and use it as sort of a headboard display above my bed. I really love it. Wish it was matte, but it wasby advertised as so, so really can't fault them for that.

This is a fantastic map... really beautiful, nice quality, the laminate is thin so it doesn't feel overwhelming. Exactly what I would expect of a National Geographic product... we have it framed on top of cork-board and use it as a family travel map with pins. Great price and the project cost a fraction of what similar products (like in the Skymall magazines) sell for, but still looks very professional. Very happy with this purchase!

I love maps and this one is great for art and reference. I had my mounted and framed, looks great in my office.

Factually wrong - People's Republic of China is not distinguished from the Republic of China. The map picks Beijing as China's capital, implying that the People's Republic is in Control of the mainland - which is true. However, the map also consolidates Taiwan as a part of China - which is false, at least according to 23 million people.

This map is absolutely beautiful, and much bigger than I expected (nearly didn't fit in the spot I wanted it).  Highly recommended.

This laminated 30"x46" National Geographic world map is really beautiful and the colors and size are perfect for the main wall in our home office in our Tuscan styled home.  I highly recommend it!  The price is less than on the maker's website, and it arrived in 2 days thanks to Amazon Prime.  The map has a nice heavy lamination on front and back and it arrived in perfect condition, rolled, wrapped in a custom plastic sleeve, and shipped inside a very sturdy cardboard tube with packing material in the end of the tube.  We have unwrapped and rerolled it twice now, putting it back in the tube easily each time.  Now we want to have it framed with foamboard behind it and without glass, to use pushpins to show our travels. Our only question at this point relates to the custom framing, and we will follow up here when we see how that works out.  The framer (at Hobby Lobby) thinks it should be dry-mounted, since there will not be glass to hold the map flat, and they don't have mats large enough for it, but they expressed concern about the success of dry-mounting it because of the lamination.  We are trying to get advice/feedback from different sources regarding the framing, but if we do not get that, we expect to proceed with trying the dry-mounting since the map is so inexpensive , especially compared to the cost of framing it, and we could buy a replacement if the heat of the dry-mount process ruins the laminated map.  It appears the map is also available without lamination directly from National Geographic, so that is a possibility if we have to replace it, but I prefer buying through Amazon and love the price here.

This map looks great, especially in a dark wood frame. Modern information with an old time look. It is not very detailed but what kind of information do you expect from a 24x36 poster?

Good quality, laminated, and large. My sin has it pinned to his wall and finds it fascinating. Great inexpensive purchase.

This is hanging on the wall in my kids playroom.  It's a perfect and cheap wall decoration.  Kids like looking at it and it's a great teaching resource.  It comes laminated so don't think would look good if you were hoping to frame.

I really enjoy maps and this is my favorite one. It has an antique look but it is very accurate for today (has South Sudan as a country). It looks really regal in my room. I sometimes stare at it analyzing it for a while. It looks very expensive for the price. It's a great deal.

love this product, it was exactly what I was looking for. Great size too. I wish it was not laminated but it stays new for long with the lamination.

I'm adding my 5 stars to the rest of the reviews. I searched many places to find the right large scale world map and found many that were much more expensive than this one. But this map is truly wall covering size, has a quality laminated cover, and all for a very low price. Some have commented on the color scheme (on the several similar versions on Amazon), but this is definitely not the bright colored map that would be suitable for a child's room. The actual colors are a little different than the picture, but as I sit here and look at my wall I see rich, muted browns and greens and tans. It fits well with the dark, woody, den type atmosphere I am trying to make. This is a great buy.

I like this map a lot. It went up easily and is pleasing on the eye. The brighter multicolored maps can be such an eyesore if they're in the wrong place. But this one makes a great addition to any room.

Beatutiful detailed map of the world. Had it framed for my office and if looks fantastic. Have received many compliments. Love it!

Just spend the extra $$ and get this map laminated. It's pretty thin paper, and since it comes rolled it has quite a bit of curl to it. It's easy to tear an damage just trying to flatten it out.

Perfect for wall display; permanent with frame or temporary with push pins.  Very useful for our recent bon voyage party.

This map is great! We framed it and hung it up in our formal living room. We do a lot of traveling around the world and so we put map pins in the different places so the kids can see!

This wall map is great!  For us, it was just the right size.I would suggest using the Quartet Cork Tiles (B004J2HR4Mas a backing, but do not use the sticky pads the tiles come with, as they do a poor job keeping the tiles on the wall.  What I did was use small nails to secure the tiles first and then used other small nails in inconspicuous spots around the outlying areas of the map to secure the map to the tiles.

The map is exactly what I expected. I was impressed with how quickly it arrived. I am using it daily.

soooo its a laminated map of the world. Pretty much sums up this review. All the labeling on mine is correct as of 2014.

I took it to get framed into four pieces and hung those 4 frames 1/2&#34; apart.  It makes a statement.  The map was packaged well to avoid getting wrinkled.  I love the neutral colors in this map.

Much bigger than I thought it would be (Bigger the better) and got to me earlier than predicted. Just what I wanted as well!

Has all the things you might want from a wall map and the print is vary nice. I would say this is a good buy.

Came on time and looked as expected, It will be a gift so I will be waiting to see how much the receiver likes it.

Arrived promptly and in perfect condition. Packaged in a tube! Lamination is thin, but I am ok with it. The colors of the map are beautiful, it matches my antique furniture and it looks great on my wall. Highly recommended!

I researched for a long time and settled on this map for two reasons:1) I like the projection. It uses the Winkel-Tripel projection, which is a fair compromise between accurate distances and accurate shapes. The one you see on Google Maps is the Mercator projection, which heavily distorts distances towards the top and bottom edges of the map. That said, no projection is perfect (you're mapping a sphere onto a rectangle -- there is no perfect conversion!), and I like what Nat Geo has chosen.2) It has a lot of information like city names and the four other maps at the corners. The population density one in particular provides a nice view of where are the population-dense areas. One problem might be that having so much data makes it a little hard to get a clear glimpse of country locations. On simpler maps, you have mostly just country name, so at a glance you can figure out who are neighbors and such. Central Europe here is packed with so many city names that it's hard to figure out who's where.Upon opening the map (which was wrapped in plastic and came in a nice elongated cuboid), my immediate problem was how fragile the lamination is. Unlike some maps I've had, the lamination here is very thin and I immediately wind up with some fold lines, which are very obvious at the edges of the map. Granted, I may have been a little clumsy. But you need to adjust your expectations and be exceptionally careful when handling the map.The map is very well-priced though, IMO, and it's hard to find other good maps at this price. I would buy this again but unwrap it with more care.

Beautiful map.  The large size is... large.  Obviously you can see the measurements, but it seems to have a bigger presence on the wall than expected.  Regardless, it is crisp, clear, and arrive din good condition.  Though it is nicely laminated it is still fairly light weight.

Purchased this map for a bulletin board display at our church. The map is outstanding quality and looks great.It has sort of an antique look, but that only adds to the beauty and does not distract from the visability of the countries shown.  Shopped around to find a quality map, but reasonably priced.  This one filled the bill.

Beautiful map, nice large dimensions, very nice soft colors. In spite of the carton packaging, it arrived with a few dents though.

I wanted to find a map that I could mark all the places I've been.  I think this will meet my needs.  I love the colors and the old world feel. Would recommend.

have been looking for a  quality World map for my Man Cave and this one is perfect.  The antiquing adds style to the map and of course its a National Geographic map so it is not only well done but up to date.  Highly recommend this map for any of my friends.  In fact, we are ordering another for the home office.

It's so neat to have this Pacific centered map instead of the typical Atlantic centered map.  People are caught off guard thinking you have an antique map based on some old-world cartography, but in a second they figure it out and it becomes a great conversation piece.  The map is very clear and very pretty. We chose the laminated version because we wanted to pin our travels onto it once it was framed.  The custom framers told us that the lamination made it a little more complicated to frame, but it could still be done.  If you are not interested in keeping it open, I'd suggest just getting the un-laminated version.

I ordered this for shipment to Iraq. Though it wasn't shipped in a tube, it was shipped in a long narrow box.  The map arrived in excellent condition, no wrinkles, folds, bends, etc.  The map is quite large and easy to read.  This is an excellent reference map, good color, relief, countries and capitols easily identified.  Well worth the money and suitable for framing.

This map is just what we needed as my wife and I study world geography and world history with our kids. In many cases we find ourselves spending a good deal of time tracing historical events as well as geopolitics and referencing them on the map. Although using our computer is fine for gathering information, the world map is excellent for pinpointing more than one location at a time, which sometimes causes us to lose focus on the computer.

Gorgeous laminated map that arrived in a timely fashion. Excellent product, excellent service. No complaints here! Definitely recommended over other maps.

Great map in very stylish colors from NG. The only reason I give it 4 out 5 is that laminating plastic is little bit thin so when I stick it nails, it tore further up so I had to keep it tension free.

My husband had the same map not laminated that he bought years ago, it got pretty torn up when moving though, and we needed an updated map with South Sudan on it, so I ordered this for him for Christmas.  I noticed someone complained about their map being poorly packaged, that wasn't the case for ours.  It came in a sturdy poster tube and was rolled up and covered in plastic.  It's a beautiful map, and it looks very nice laminated.  We just put it up on the wall with tacks for now, though I'd recommend using sticky putty if you have at least a semi-gloss paint on the wall.  The map is sturdy, but when trying to pull the map taut against the wall it tore through one of the tacks.  :(  Fortunately it's at the top and not noticeable.  We may end up laying this one out on the floor for our daughter to learn with and buy a non laminated one for the wall, or just buy another laminated one.  Again, it's a beautiful map, I highly recommend it!

If i could give this a zero star i would. My experience was EXACTLY the experience of the previous reviewer. I ordered the map in the picture. I received a complexly different map. It is considerably smaller than 24 x 36. It was crushed on one edge.  Shame on me for not reading the review.

The pics on amazon doesnt do this map justice its really huge. It came laminated and looks very beautiful on my wall

Purchased this as a gift for my father's office. It's big. I know it gives the right dimensions but this thing is big. If you are going to buy a frame for it, you are going to have to buy a huge frame. Came packaged well and it was worth the price.

The map is beautiful (potentially)  however it came with creases that pretty much ruins it. It looks as if it was crushed with something after being rolled. Now have to play the return game.***update*** The second map arrived promptly but I got stuck on the return shipping for $17.  The second map had what I will call minor creases compared to the first one they sent, but i'm ultimately pleased with the product ...looks great on the wall.Packager needs to look at the machine used to laminate and roll, It may need adjustment...

This map is beautifull!!! its huge, colofull and comes covered in a plastic layer (laminated) to prevent damage to the printing. Eventhoug it does not have the most recent political boundaries, is still a great map for decoration or study!

Bought for a present to decorate my boyfriend's walls. He loves it, we pick a new place to visit constantly. It's a gorgeous map, the exact size I wanted (not too big or too small) and it's laminated but not so much that light glares off of it. And it's National Geographic, even better!

I purchased this for my teens.  Perfect for school but be sure to have a frame.  I had a hard time finding one in my neighborhood.

This map is full of a wealth of great info.  The coloring is very classy and looks great framed in my office.  I turned it into a map that my wife and I put map pins in for every place we have traveled in the world and the places we would like to travel.  This is a great investment and would be a fantastic learning tool for kids.

Love this map! Well-detailed and a good size plus it is laminated.We homeschool our daughter and this will help with geography lessons.I like that the colors are not pastel.It was delivered quickly and arrived in perfect condition. Thank you!

I bought this for something to place in my home office, the map is HUGE! as in super huge, but when I got everything setup in the wall it looks perfect and classy

This is a very nice looking map and the colors are rich looking.  We have had many compliments on it.  It is very large though and hard to find a frame, but we did finally find one that wasn't to expensive.

I just moved into a house in a new city, and I desperately needed something to put up on the bare walls. I've wanted a map for awhile now, but I wanted it to look right: large, detailed, vintage colors, and one that doesn't put North and South America in the center of the map only to divide Europe and Asia down the middle. The World Executive wall map arrived quite quickly in a sturdy tube, and was fully laminated and in good condition. I'm sure it would look great in a frame (which you might need to custom order due to the size) but I just hung it up immediately with some tacks. It takes up a large part of the wall and it's quite detailed. I imagine it would look good in a classroom, study, bedroom or living area.

Looks great on the wall even unframed. Love the plastic coating to protect the map and reduce wrinkling. The aged look is very attractive, but easy to read.

Does perfect double duty as wall art and tracking our world travels. Don't forget to buy your push pins! :)

Excellent product!  I put this out on the kitchen table.  My four boys(ages 5-14) have spent hours(not all at once) just surveying it as I challenge them to find continents, then countries, deserts, cities, etc.  The colors are very pleasant for any wall or as I did covered with a plastic sheet on the kitchen table.

The map is great with nice colors and it arrived super fast. My only complaint is that the one corner has a slight bubble under the lamination. I only noticed when it was laying flat on the ground so it's not a huge deal. And they would probably give me another one if I returned it, but I'd rather not go to the hassle.Great map nonetheless.

I bought this to hand on my fiance's wall in her dorm room and it is exactly what I wanted. It is quite large, and the countries and borders stand out clearly.

Not only is this poster NOT the one pictured, it is no where near 24"x36"Only after I purchased a 24"x36" frame did I realize that this falls at least 2 inches short all around.I'm not sure if I was just sent the incorrect product or if this company pays no attention to what they are advertising.

perfect for putting up on the wall and marking places each member of the family has traveled to... we're using color coded pins and it looks amazing (plus it has everyone competing over who'll have more pins up there).

For 18 bucks , this map is nice, ....quality laminate for price...and very nice looking, not brightly colored and tacky, but more a earth tone, vintage look. Like very much. Priced just right, under 20 bucks.

Purchased this to hang on a wall..looks excellent and is updated with the latest geopolitical changes (i.e South Sudan, Kosovo, etc)....but I dont recommend using tape to hang this as the lamination makes it heavy perhaps? I used the 3M poster double sided tape (also purchased at Amazon 3 rolls/$7.99) and it was not good enough to keep it on the wall.  I recommend framing this poster, or using tacks to hang it up.

Was not crushed in transport. I initially disliked the idea that it was laminated, but could not find this size map any other way. Now I'm really glad that it is. It didn't occur to me how much we, and others would lean in and touch the map. Imagine the dirty, greasy fingerprints that would have left!We also found an extremely affordable way to frame it out. Just by happenstance, we were at Home Depot and we saw large pieces of Styrofoam used for insulation larger than the map itself. It cost us less than $8. We cut the foam down and spray mounted the map directly onto the silver side of the Styrofoam. Bought thin pieces of wood to frame out the map and then hot glued those pieces to the edge of the map/foam. Not only do we have a very lightweight map that won't weigh down our wall, the foam allows us to still use pins to mark our destinations. We researched investing in an actual frame, cork board backing, foamcore boards, etc. All were expensive options.This alternative was extremely cost effective and looks great!

Good. Description is accurate. Amazon price cheaper than website and faster shipping for MUCH MUCH cheaper. The map is nice colors are good - not too bright and not too dull, colors give a nice accent to the map

The map is great - it is HUGE!  Exactly what we were looking for.  Made map rails to hang it and it fills the wall really well.  We like the size and detail.

Terrific map for the price. Looks great on the wall. We are in the travel business and need to refer to it all the time. As world events are constantly changing it is really a necessity. We chose to put it up with white thumbtacks so it hardly shows, framing was a too expensive way to go.Larry Braun

I have others like this ( NA, etc.) the old style wall map looks great framed in the office. If your a map person I recommend highly. Fast delivery.

Great Product. It was a very good purchase.And the delivery was very good as well.Thank you very much.L.

This map is fantastic.The first one we ordered came with creases in it, we notified amazon and they immediately sent out a replacement, no charge.  Thanks Amazon!We were originally going to get the un-laminated and have it laminated, until we found out it wouldn't fit into the machine.  I am so happy with the pre-laminated one.  You couldn't get it laminated anywhere less expansive than this.It is a great size for marking our trips.  Very happy with this purchase.

Looks great. The details of the map are impressive and it arrrived in good condition. Not perfect but I have no complaints.

This is the most amazing deal on a world map! The color is outstanding and the lamination is very high quality with machine cut edges.

I love this map. It is beautiful, the colors are subdued and gives you a warm effect looking at it. It would be suitable for hanging in an executive office. The downside is the very thing laminate that is on the map. I used a thumb tack to hang it on my office wall and when I pulled it tight the paper and laminate ripped right through. So its really not very durable. But it is very pretty and a good price.

I was worried about ordering this because some reviewers said it was very difficult to hang (it must be hung like wallpaper) and some said it looked very pink or that each panel was of a different quality. I am glad I ordered this map! While its no peel and stick I hung this map with my twelve year old son in about 2 and a half hours with almost no perceptible mistakes. It requires some patience but I've never hung wallpaper before and it turned out jaw-droppingly gorgeous. To add to the effect I borrowed another reviewer's idea an framed it with crown moulding ($8 a piece) which I had spray painted a metallic hammered copper and WOW! My three sons and I sit and marvel at it every evening. I can't wait to throw my first party and watch my friends discuss this piece.Also, I should note that all three of my panels were a consistent very high quality and its not PINK at all. Beautiful earth tones that give it an old world look while maintaining National Geographic's modern world accuracy.  Perfect for our nautical themed man cave.I highly recommend this to anyone who's sitting on the fence. Buy it, you won't regret it!

Exactly as described and exactly what I was looking for.  I'll be using it as a travel map to pin where I've been.  Looks good and fits my purposes well.

A map is necessary for our homeschooling family but I did not want to purchase a map with florescent colors in yellow, orange and bubble gum pink.  National Geographic's wall map fit the bill.  It is affordable, has beautiful earth tone colors that match the soothing colors of our home, and it is laminated so I can circle areas we are studying and then wipe it off when we move on to the next area of study.  The only downside is how tiny the print is... we have it mounted so we can stand right up close to it or else it would be very hard to read.  Other than that, it is beautiful and practical.Shipping from the company was very fast.  My first map arrived wrinkled and they replaced it without question very promptly.  Great service, great product, excellent price.

I really like this world map that we ordered from Amazon.  I ordered it so that my son could put stickers on it for science.  It came packaged in thick plastic, a cardboard tube, and a rectangular box, so it was very well packaged.  There were no scratches, folds, or other imperfections at all.  The map is very large, which is exactly what I was looking for.  It is well labeled, also.  Another thing I like about this map is it's neutral colors.  No hot pink countries here.  It is nicely laminated, so I am hoping eventually when we are done with the science stickers, they will come off.  If not, it wasn't very expensive, so I'd order another one.

The map is very extensive and looks very nice. $25 may seem heavy for a world map but the lamination and labeling make it a worthy buy.

We bought this map so we can have a record of all the places we travel to (I use little self-adhesive jewels to mark the cities/sites.)  It is so large, I can actually look at it without my glasses (you youngsters have no idea...!)  This is a beautiful map that is rich in detail and very attractive on the wall.  I searched many sites on the net but this was by far the best price for this map.  Get one for your office or for your kids.  Worth every penny!

This map came just as it was advertised.  I love the lamination, it is just sturdy enough.  I don't imagine I will keep this map on my wall forever, but we have lots of exchange students and it is great fun to follow world news and find the spot on the map.  Countries are easily identified and it is arty, but very practical.  I considered using map pins to identify certain locations, but it would damage the map too much.  Good purchase.

I bought this to pin up in my studio and tack all the places my artwork has been. It's just beautiful. Very well laminated - no bubbles. The place names are easy to read. Came quickly and shipped properly.

I had been looking for an antique-style map for my bedroom, just in terms of colors.  This one looked great online, and I'm glad to say that it looks just the same in person!It's a huge map that fits perfectly on the wall I had in mind.  The colors are muted and have sepia toning to them.  The lamination is done well, and will keep the poster in good condition.  This is a great map for decoration (I'm sure there are kids who would love it!) but also seems that it would be appropriate for classroom use, as it is fully labeled and up-to-date.

The map is very large with nice colors with Antique look. I like the size and detail.Now just need to find a good frame.

This map takes up the better portion of my living room wall, and I LOVE it!  It has sparked so many past travel stories, future trip planning, and impromptu geography quizzes amongst my friends and family.  The "antiqued" look is lovely, and the lamination ensures it's longevity.

The "Traditional" that is sold by Amazon *IS* laminated, but it is $48 which makes it steep for a map without a frame.The "basic size" and "enlarged tubed" that are sold by PosterRevolution are NOT laminated (I contacted them on 12/29/13 and they confirmed this).  Their large size is $28 which is very steep for a non-laminated piece of paper.Maps, Globes, and More advertised the "enlarged tubed" as having "laminated paper," but they shipped me a non-laminated map.  Had I not taken a screen shot of their description at the time I ordered it, I would have had to pay for return shipping out of my own pocket.  Be aware that no one is selling a laminated version of the "enlarged tubed" map anymore.The laminated 48x73 map is AWESOME -- I've received tons of compliments on it and refer to it often.  I had some leftover baseboard from my house renovation that I spray painted Dark Walnut and used to frame this map.....great way to dress a huge blank wall.

I bought this as a gift for my husband who likes that it is very detailed.

I bought the Basic Size Tubed (30&#34;H x 46&#34;W) version. It came well packaged in a cardboard tube, easy to open. The paper did not have a glossy laminate but more of a satiny surface which I think was a better look for wall hanging, minimized glare. The print is crisp and clear, the words are easy to read, not cramped at all (I think their curved orientation helps with that) and there is a great deal of information like airport locations and time zones. The color palette is an excellent alternative to the traditional blues and greens--the aged, understated look doubles its purpose to be a decorative statement as well. As for size, just make sure you measure before your buy because it is a pretty big map, enough space for all of those labels. Makes a great gift for anyone from the world traveler to the wanderluster in your life.

This map is so big and laminated and better looking than map with bunch of different colors. Antique look  makes it look cool.

I was looking for a 'vintage' looking map. It is so great and so large!! exactly what I was looking for. I bought it for a party and people put little sticky notes to write where they wanted to travel. great fun!

The old world look of this map is nice and it is accurate as well as any map of this style can be. Came shipped in a roll up tube and after laying flat under some books for a couple of days, it was easy to hang with thumbtacks.

A very lovely map, and it looks nice laminated. A great value and and great detail ,cant wait to put it on my wall!

Looks great above my desk and is a terrific resource when needed. Flush with information.Highly recommend if you're in the market.

very big, nice contrast on the colors for look and viewability.  Very large, nice laminatin, best map deal around by 5 fold.

absolutely the best value out there! my 14 year old son wanted a large map for his bedroom and he wanted one with an antique look. we found this for an unbelievable price under $80, in fact, HALF of that, plus this one is laminated. We did our comparison shopping and this one was the best one we found online. Came in great condition in a tube and it was easy to hangup on the wall---we just used push pins and a leveler.Now I can play geography games with my kids like---"name the 6 countries that end with "stan"". They love it too.

This is hanging in my husband's new home office. He loves maps in general but this one is most special!We followed the advice of first hanging(nailing) two foam boards 36' x 48' to the wall. Then we used a hole puncher around the parameter about 12 -14 inches apart to place metal rivots. We nailed metal, antiqued brass, upholstery tacs through each rivot to the wall/foam board. The product arrived ahead of the promised date. It arrived in excellent condition in a long rectangular box.A great gift for a world geography student or just a map lover! The laminate is shinier than I'd like it to be however. I have used a damp cloth to wipe off fingerprints successfully! We haven't tried a dry erase marker yet but I bet that could be possible.It looks great!

Con unas dimensiones de 185'42x124'46 cms (cent&iacute;metros) este mapamundi plastificado editado en el a&ntilde;o 2012 por la NG tiene un cuidado dise&ntilde;o cartogr&aacute;fico que embellecer&aacute; cualquier pared en la que lo colguemos.Con el tratamiento de plastificado que trae y, una vez enmarcado en destino, no es necesario colocar cristal; con el correspondiente ahorro en peso.Resumiendo, una preciosidad.

This is a great map. Lots of locations are identified, and the informative header and footer maps are neat. It's a beautiful, somewhat retro look. The lamination is real great work too. Not a single discrepancy, front or back.

I LOVE this map! Way more than I expected. I just bought it for reference and wanted something I could draw on and be able to remove the ink.To my surprise there is the main map, then on the bottom left is the type of terrain map, and on the bottom right is the population map. This was so helpful for what I was using the map for!!Not to mention I'm a college student and honestly, it looks pretty cool on my wall.

Only thing to know is that this is an odd size, so don't expect to be able to find a frame at just any store.  I ended up making my own.

Got the laminated version on my room, its large, Looks great, its goes with everything, can hang it in the living room if you want.

This is a beautiful map; exactly what I wanted. It came exactly as stated. Thank You.

The map is beautiful in person. I bought this for my friend who is a Geography major and he loved it!

This is a very nice map, very nice detail, colors look just like they do in the picture.  When I received the package it was even in a large Amazon box and I thought to myself, there is so way this one will have creases like some of the other reviews.  Well I was totally wrong.  The creases in the map look like they are just short of the map being folded and put in a flat box.  I am keeping the map, and trying to put heavy books on top of it to get the creases out, but if you don't have time to wait for that to work, I would definitely go with another map.

Great quality and it looks beautiful on the wall. Very happy for the price. The color makes it look sort of like a vintage map, which is a nice effect.

Wall size detailed world map. Great piece to have hanging up to look at all the time, and great conversation piece.

The map is really good quality.  Its great decoration and also fantastic to study.  This is coming from someone in a dorm-room environment.  Probably wouldn't recommend it for a house because it is shiny and kind of tacky.  No regrets with this purchase though.  Thanks seller!

have it up in my cubicle. everyone comes by to look at it. i am the envy in the office. but seriously, awesome map. and since its laminated, i have used it with dry erase markers whenever i run out of space on my white board.

We framed this map ourselves and love it. It draws compliments from all of our guests. Good quality, fast shipping and great packaging.

Soft sage, violet, browns, rusts, earth tones......very classy. The laminate is very thin so you do have to be careful with it. I plan to mount it to a 4 x 6 cork board. There is an inch white border around it if I need to trim it to fit the cork board. My only disappointment is that I expected the United States to be larger given the size of the map. Otherwise I am very happy with this purchase.

Bought this for a gift and it was perfect! Great quality image that looks way more expensive than it was. I would recommend this product to other customers.

I bought this map as a gift for a friend. The map is great. It's rich, glossy, and lives up to National Geographic's standards at an affordable price. The colors and shading will offer an old world feel whilst being usable in the office, living room, classroom, study, library, and in the bathroom. Because the best way to study the major cities on the Chinese coastline is while digesting dim sum.Anyway, I bought this as a birthday gift for a friend who just moved to the Bay Area. Said friend hasn't been heard from since September. Maybe this is a friendship killing map. I'm not sure, but worth the risk. Buy this map.

I just ordered this in December 2012 for a Christmas gift. It is up to date with Sudan and south Sudan correctly labeled. Previous comments said it was out of date. It is laminated and arrived in perfect packaging (Very durable cardboard). It is very detailed. So happy with our purchase! Would buy again!

I wanted to get a world map to track where I've been and want to go. I was looking for something a little different from the standard elementary type of map with the bright colors. This one is perfect and the colors are very earthy/mellow. The lamination makes it look cleaner. Overall satisfied.

We are a military family living overseas-----we have this map stuck on the wall, in a hallway as easy access to our four children to see where their family and friends in the U.S and around the world are. It is very useful and the colors blend well with our interior.

This map is up to date, but is almost too small unless you're really studying it. My brain gets distracted with that much text right on top of itself, but for occasional reference it's handy.

Just what I wanted!  This laminated map looks just gorgeous in my room--the old-time color scheme is perfect.  Good job, as per usual, National Geographic!

Map itself is wonderful!  But when I CAREFULLY took it out of the tube it was FULL of dings from improper packaging.They a a huge distraction.

Great map. It's sort of thin so you'll need to be careful with hanging. We used double side picture hangers.

The map is Great no creases or wrinkles when we received.  We can't wait to hang it up.  We would highly recommend this map.  It was purchased as a gift for our son and he loves it.

We leave this map on the kitchen table so we can check places we want to go especially when our kids are back visiting.

Nice looking map. Laminated with colouring that gives an aged look. Looks great in the man cave with a homemade stained frame.

The picture is definitely distorted.  The National Geographic logo is much larger in real life than is displayed.  I guess that's okay for a classroom, but not what we are looking for.I also contacted the company and have not heard back yet...

This is a great map for my home office. The laminate is rather thin which works very well for me - it's the perfect amount of protection while allowing me to mount the poster to foam board. Add some pins and it's a fun way to track travels!

I ordered my map on August 22, it is now sep 9.  I paid for tracking, it told me that it arrived at my local UPS station on aug 29.  This is the second time I have ordered this item and NOT recieved my product. however, I was fully refunded after the first time.

