We recommend the Magnifier. We are able to read small print and see tiny images printed in ads. The light has been used as a backup flashlight. We gave it four stars because there is no case to protect it.

So convenient and small.  I love the LED light!  I have one at work and several at home.  Highly recommended!

Thank god for Amazon. I can never find things like this at a shopping center. This thing works great and it was cheap. Highly recommend getting a few to leave around the house.

I just love this little gadget. Sometimes my reading glasses aren't enough. I keep one in my pantry to read ingredients & expiration dates. I also have one in the stereo cupboard with all the wires and buttons that can't be read. I love the shape!

This is a great little gadget to have around.  We've already used it to look for splinters and a few other uses.  The light is great.  It's a handy size.  However, I do wish I'd bought one with a little higher magnification.

I would recommend this for a travel magnifier for the occasional reading.I had read on another review about a magnifier having a problem with the light coming on. I did find that this one appeared to be DOA out of the box. But, after opening & shutting the viewer to turn on & off the light, the light began to come on. After several times of doing this, the light appears to be coming on all the time.It is small, but for taking it someplace & reading things like a menu in a dark corner of a restaurant, this is great.

I first bought one for my wife to see menu's at dark restaurant's, next thing you know friends are wanting one too. I guess I have now purchased 20 and everyone love's em. Tried 2 different kinds once, not as good a this one.

it's a good led magnifier for most purposes. it should have a case, though. how can you protect the lens without some kind of case?

This is a perfect magnifier to read the small print, or even larger print if the room is too dark. It's very comfortable to hold for casual use -- I would get something else for reading books.

This has come in really handy in restaurants and for looking up numbers in the phone book. Small, portable, innocuous and invaluabe. Have purchased several to use as gifts.  Everyone gets excited when they see it. Some waiters laught and produce ones they keep behind the counter.

This item was perfect for my use  I since ordered 6 more in the  plum color. Lightweight , easy to carry ,  use & other folks were very anxious to  borrow it to view a menu. So now they each have their own & I have one for myself.  :-)

What I liked was the quality of the lens and the built in light.  Then lens had no discernable distortion anywhere.  It magnified everything evenly without the ripples and  distortion that I've seen with other low cost magnifiers.  This light is a nice touch and easy to use.  If you want it on just pull the lens out a bit.  It is focused very close to the center of what you will be look at and provides nice, even coverage.What I didn't like was the brightness (actually dimmness) of the light and where it is focused.  LEDs can be lots brighter, I know as I've seen them.  Also, the light focuses at the center of you field of view but only when the lens is too close to be focused properly.Bottom line is this is a good value for a magnifier and could have been made great with better quality control.BTW, I feel that honest, effective reviews can take the place of first-hand experiences that are lacking in online shopping. I've always appreciated the help I've received from other reviewers and work hard to return the favor as best as I can.  I hope you found this review helpful and if there was anything you thought was lacking or unclear leave a comment and I'll do what I can to fix it.

This magnifier works well for text.  It's also very good for looking at small items so if you're a collector and looking for a decent magnifier -- this one works very well.

This is great for when you might need a magnifier while reading any type of map, menu or any small print in dimly lit situation!

I bought this for deciphering the miniscule print used in serial numbers and the like. It has good magnification for this, certainly at least the 3X it claims. The light is also helps and is easy to operate. Since I don't use it a lot, I keep it in the plastic box it came in, but it would be nice if the magnifier came with a soft case to protect the lens.

I got one of these around 2007 and took it for granted.  The lens was perfect for reading, the light was just the right intensity, the pull-out feature for light deployment felt solid, and the whole unit just had a dependable simplicity about it.  I assumed this sort of gadget was common.Then in 2010 I lost my Lightwedge, and I had a hellish time trying to replace it.  I didn't remember the name or where I'd purchased it, so I tried every other pocket magnifier I could find.  They were all awkward, flimsy, hard to read, or all of the above.Just the other day someone suggested I search for my long-lost magnifier on Amazon, and I ended up ordering a couple of possible replacements.  When I received this one, I was disproportionately thrilled to have my perfect old pocket magnifier back.  Thanks, Amazon!

This is a good thing to have around. There is always some fine print or unclear image to use it on. I like the lighting and convenient slide to turn on feature. A nice magnifying device at a good price. I like it.

Love the Great point light pocket magnifier!  works great, especially if you forget your glasses and can't read the menu when you are out for dinner.... the light is a bonus in a dark restaurant, too.  I would have given 5 stars if it came with a case that covers the glass.  The clear plastic case it comes in is a little tacky and I'd be willing to pay a little more for a nice case to protec the lens.

I ordered two of these pocket magnifiers and am very pleased with their portability.  The light projects when you slide it open and allows one to see clearly.  It is particularly helpful in dimly lit restaurants whose menus have small, delicate font.  I highly recommend this magnifier.

The handle slides down increasing it's size for use & acting as the light switch. This also means you are less likely to leave the light on & run down the batteries. It is pretty flat & lightweight so it can be carried in your pocket easily. I bought 2 of them & am going to buy some more for family & friends. Great product & the price is right!

Nice and handy, construction seems solid.  I use mostly to examine digital photos while shooting in the filed.  I wish it comes with a little pouch or something to protect the lens and maybe a little more magnifying power, 5x vs 3x, that would have been a five stars.

I carry one of these with me all the time at work.  With the integral light, it's great for looking at small print and details on engineered drawings.

I like the light and the magnification.  It is lightweight and great for reading menus and fine print.Would have preferred some other colors to give to men friends as gifts.

This is very nice. You pull out on the magnifier when you want the light to come on, then slide it back in. I would recommend buying this if you need something with a light that you can easily put in your pocket or purse.

Simply put, if this magnifier breaks, I will buy the SAME product again!  Works great and is easy to use.

A handy little device

I absolutely love this item. What a way to help see things a lot clear when you need it most.I would recommend these to anyone!!

Great product to have hand when you need to read something small.  It did not have a real wide field of view, but it was a good price.

Perfect for viewing coins and other small objects.  Would be even better if it came with a felt protective case for the lens.  Great product for the money.

This magnifying glass is a greater power than I expected.  The light is bright.  Perfect for reading the small print on prescription bottles, packaged foods, etc.  Only one problem - there is no carrying case.

My dad loved this to take to the store.  He was having a hard time reading items he wanted to purchase at the grocery store.  The light helps him see the labels on the products better.  He was very thankful.

This product is a must-have if you cannot read small print.  Now I can easily read instructions on medicine containers as well as all small print on ingredients, etc.  Great for menus in restaurants and fits in a purse or jacket pocket. Also pick your favorite color :)

Recently I had eye surgery for retinal detachment and for several months it will be difficult for me to see well. I find that this lighted pocket manigifier really helps me read quite a bit. The only negative is its rather small size, but that is to be expected since it is a "pocket" mangnifier.I see that for most people that see well, this would be an excellent manigifier to have in a dark restaurant.

Great product. The light is what makes this so useful. One other reviewer from 2007 mentioned sharp edges but on mine there are no problems with edges. Possibly redesigned? No negative feelings on this and will be purchasing several of these as gifts for others.one note on some of the 4 star reviews that mentioned lack of case. That is ridiculous because it doesn't mention anywhere that it includes a case. So they are down rating the product for not having an accessory that they KNEW was not included when they bought it. If you want one with a case...then buy one with a case; what's so hard about that?Anyway this is a nice little product that works EXACTLY as advertised.

The light comes on when the item is pulled.  This is much easier to use than the plastic bookmark magnifier and the bar magnifier I previously purchased.  I was glad to have it lit when I needed to see the serial number on the back of  an ipod.

I purchased this magnifier for my Mother. She has limited vision and this product has worked beautifully for her. I also use it occasionally and have been very satisfied with it.

They are getting very hard to find and the replacement batteries cost double the original cost of the magnifier.  I couldn't find any other product that did the job for me.

These are lightweight and efficient and have some very good points:- the batteries last 2-3 months with daily use.- the LED is bright enough and adequately covers the whole magnified area under the 3X lens-- the lens itself is glass and good quality- the shell is plastic and it&#8217;s very light (but may not take a beating over time)-  it&#8217;s easy to open and turn on the light and the sliding mechanism has never failedI bought a six-pack of these from another vendor and all I can say is to shop around because prices vary tremendously.  I use this magnifier to inspect seeds and leaves.  I keep these magnifiers on my desk, in my briefcase, and in a backpack and I like them a lot.

Upon receiving one of these I discovered the light flickers and it is extremely dim! The light is unusable and this one is going back to Amazon for replacement. It appears behaving in a similar fashion as another customer (S. Gaston "flower lady") experienced and reported!

As I get older, it gets harder to see small prints in low light situation, like in some restaurant with dim lights.  This magnifier is small enough to carry around, has a bright light and good magnification.  It really comes in handy.

I use this magnifier in restaurants to read the menu and the bill.  It is portable and bright enough for dim rooms.  I would have liked the shape to be longer to be able to read whole lines more easily.

We bought one for road trips and trying to interpret maps without having to strain our eyes. Really nice design, good tactile feel. I couldn't figure out where the batteries were, sent Lightwedge Customer Service an email and received a response within 24 hours. If you need one I'd recommend this one.

I own both this Lightwedge and the similar but higher magnification Carson,Carson MiniBrite 5x Power Slide- Out Magnifier.  The Carson, with it's 5x magnification and slightly brighter light, is better for detail inspection of small items such as coins and stamps, while the Lightwedge with it's 2x magnification and wider field of view is more suitable for general purpose use.  Both have inexpensive plastic lenses (expected in this price range) that can give a wavey effect if moved but are clear and sharp and perfectly suitable for viewing a stationary object -- the Lightwedge has less of this distortion which also makes it more suitable for reading small text such as an ingredient list on a product in a store or entries in a phone book, where the magnifier may be moved while reading.Note that both these magnifiers are designed for portability in pocket or purse and neither has a field of view large enough to easily read book length lines of text -- if that is what you are trying to do search for "page magnifier" -- there are many to choose from.Actual product dimensions are about 4.6" long by 1.75" wide by 0.6" thick -- lens is about 1.5" by 1.3".Five stars for an inexpensive easily pocketable lighted general purpose magnifier.

it probably needs expensive, hard to find button batteries.  Distorion is minimal and it is carryable (although the plastic lens does not go into the bottom of the case as it appears it might do --- thus, more chance for scratches.If not for the batteries, definitely four stars.  Not a bad item and the light does not have to be used --- although it's a very nice feature.

The screen of the magnifier is small. If you're looking to read text this is not going to work. Though I have not attempted to replace the battery, battery container seems to be contained by a very small screw-A Phillips screwdriver-of which would have to be incredibly small. I dread having to replace his battery.

This is a great pocket size magnifier! The LED light really illuminates what you're looking at. After much comparison of other lighted mags', my husband and I decided on this one. We originally bought two of them for our grandfather who's 94 and has failing eye sight. We sent him one and as soon as he received it, he was on the phone thanking us. He was very excited and impressed by its power and size! We kept the other one even though we see fine. Comes in handy! Easy to get to the two 3V batteries too. The only bad thing about this magnifier is that it doesn't come with any type of case so you have to be careful to not scratch the glass when not in use. Over all, it's WORTH the money!

This magnifying glass is very handy to have on a computer desk. I used to have to use one pair of glasses to look at my computer screen, which is about 2 feet away from my eyes, and another pair of glasses when I need to take a quick look at some notes on a piece of paper. Not anymore with this magnifying glass! Now I can just keep my "computer glasses" on and use this magnifying glass when I need to take a quick look at some small text.The glass is better looking in actuality, but also a bit smaller than I thought. I can only have a couple words in focus at a time, thus the 4 star rating instead of 5.

Love it. Small, neat, light is cover the blind area pretty good. Bought 3 different types of magnifying glass- this one is the best.

So far, this is the best one that I have found.  Slides smoothly, lightweight, use with or w/o light.  For pocket, or desk drawer.

The magnifying light is wonderful.  I bought one for myself and my husband saw it and wanted one. I had tried a few other lights that would fit in my purse, but this was the right size with the right amount of light. Highly recommended.

I needed a portable magnifier I could put in a shirt pocket and carry around when needed. This one fits, it's lightweight, and easy to use. I have two small problems with it. First, it is difficult to slide it open to turn on the light with one hand. A small rubber thumb pad or slightly different design would be helpful for one-handed operation. Second, I would have preferred that it use AAA batteries instead of the tiny batteries, but that is not too big a deal, the batteries are not that expensive and it does keep the weight down. I would recommend this with five stars if it had a case, was easier to open, and used more common batteries.

I have been told for 20 years that I will probably need glasses soon, but think I have avoided it by using a magnifier if I need to. This one is my favorite.-Jacqueline Marcell, Author 'Elder Rage, or Take My Father... Please! How to Survive Caring for Aging Parents', International Speaker on Eldercare & Alzheimer's

Great magnifier in all aspects and loved it except it does not magnify 3X.  I compared it to a large 3X magnifier glass I have and this product looks more like a 2x.  I kept it to use at my desk but bought a Carson through Amazon for traveling.  It is a 3X glass in my test and works great.

Very useful device.  I have limited reading vision and this product is easy and handy to use. It helps a lot.

What a great little gadget...for around 10 bucks!This design is so slim, it's easy to toss one in your travel bag/briefcase/purse for those frequent times when you need extra magnification to ready some tiny print. Great for dimly-lit dining room menus!The 3X magnification alone makes it worth the money--especially with the super-convenient slide-out form factor--but to have a built-in bright light too? My oh my, what a cool little tool.I bought several more for family/friends. I love it.

This is exactly what I needed to read the serial numbers and series on dollar bills for myWhere's George hobby.  The light is perfect.

This pocket magnifier is nice and compact.  The slide out feature makes it so it will fit into a small area when storing.  Light is nice and bright

This is a nice, slim magnifier that looks good.  It fits great in a purse (or pocket) and really does a nice job lighting up menus!

I hate to say it, but I use these constantly!  I have one in almost every room of the house because no matter where I am there always seems to be a label or something that I just cannot read. It would be nothing without the light. It's the perfect little 50-yr-old's helper!I gave one to each of my friends when they turned 50.  It was taken as sort of a gag gift, but they soon found out that it turns into a very valuable tool!

Seems to be a legit 3X.  I bought my first and everything perfect.  So I bought a 2nd for my nephew - but that one had the light issue someone else mentioned (really dim, flickering).  Before I sent it back, I wanted to check the batteries - so I unscrewed where they are, took them out, but it looked like the contact on the right battery on the unit(uses 2 small watch-like ones) had some kind of grime on it - wiped that off, and I also bent the little tab to stick out a little more to give it a better contact on the battery - did that for the other side as well (it's different because of the +/- but you can bend both sides out a little).  After that, put the batteries back in and it works like my good one.

Bought one of these from a local store today.Had the chance to compare this one side by side with the carson model.The light wedge feels and looks like a higher quality item. As far as operation the lense in the light wedge is by far clearer than the carson.I was not able to check the light on the carson because it comes with no batteries as far as the light on the wedge it works perfectly. I know every ones eyesight is not the same but i don't think you will be sorry for buying the light wedge.As far as no case that others are talking about it is still worth it even if i have to buy one.The only draw back to this one is that is uses button type batteries but i guess this does keep the weight and size down.I will be buying at least one more from amazon because  they are about 3.00 cheaper than a local store. I might even buy 3 to get free shipping.

A well-made, pocket size magnifier; very handy to use.  The viewing area is somewhat limited, requiring the user to scan what one is reading.  Still baffled at how to open it to replace batteries.  There are no markings indicating where to open it.  Perhaps batteries cannot be replaced, making it a throw-away item.  No instructions were included.

I've been doing more and more tiny component electronics projects.  The integrated LED light works great for reading the text on a small surface mount IC, or checking out the quality of a solder joint and reading that tough to see color on a resistor.  I've gone through three other magnifying glasses before this and one am finally happy.

Practical & lightweight. Compact too, so it's easy to carry in a purse or pocket.

Could be better if the lens were larger. The led iluminator is good for the original proposal. Recomended for who needs to read small letters on small papers. To read a book, for example, could be a little bit hard because you need to move foward many times.

Love this item.  Just what I wanted got here fast.  Carry it in my purse so I really do use it all the time.

This magnifier is just small enough to take it anywhere.  I always travel with it great for using in the car to read directions or maps and then a great emergency light when you need to find something in the middle of the nigh

I'll admit it.  I fought like crazy when people started suggesting that I get a magnifying glass.  Yes, I could no longer some menu descriptions, especially in low light.  And when I needed to see the model number on an electronic device's sticker, and couldn't, well, that was a problem too.  After I accepted that I had a problem, I refused to get an old-fashioned magnifier, like my mother uses.  So, I looked around and this caught my eye (haha). I've been using it for a few weeks now and I love it.  It is black and sleek, and, yes gets the job done.  And, those low light environments?  No longer a problem, since this has a built in light that turns on when you slide open the magnifier.

I bought this for a gift, opened it up and love it! It is small enough to carry in a purse but big enough to see what you need. The light is great. The only downfall is that there is not a carry case for it. I will probably buy another for myself.

I bought it for a lady who has Macular.  This is easy to carry with her and to be able to read when she needs it.

I am recovering from cataract surgery, and need a bit of assistance with close-up vision during the next few weeks. This little magnifier is superb for my work in a hospital. It lets me read the charts, and even better lets me read in dimly lit areas. Very nice if a patient can sleep next to me and I can read their chart without turning on the overhead light & disturbing them. Good size, good weight, fits in my pocket easily. Strongly recommended!

This is the perfect pocket magnifier for looking at small details.  The magnification is just right and the light is bright enough to illuminate the object well without undo glare.  It is too small to be good for reading a book or such, but for reading the label on a pill bottle, or the explanation of an item in a catalog, or the date on a coin, it is perfect.

This magnifier is just what I was looking for. It is small and easy to hold. I wanted something to read small numbers/characters on electronic stuff like computers, electronics, etc. I also work on the insides of computers and this is great for seeing small things. I don't want to magnify books or magazines. The light works well and makes reading small things very easy.

I gave these little lighted magnifiers to my friends for Christmas, and kept two for myself; one for my purse and one for my desk.  They are very study.  The first one I bought has been bouncing around inside my purse for several months and is still like new.  Great invention!

Most of the purses I own have black lining.  Good luck finding anything black in black purse!  I chose this color because I can actually find it!!!  It works wonderfully in a dimly lit restaurant, when the print is really small, when I need a light & a magnifier to find the splinter.  WONDERFUL.

I find myself using this a lot at my desk. It is just perfect for what I need. I'm going to order a few more for Christmas presents.

Very nice. Very handy. As advertised. I found this item very, very useful. Ideal for an item that fits in your purse, brief case

I originally purchased one for my mother at Christmas time.  She has poor vision and thought this would make a nice small addition to her other presents.  As it turned out, it was the gift she enjoyed the most so I bought 3 more for Mother's Day.  Light is very bright and has made her life much easier.

This is my second time buying this. I love the shape, the weight, the light & the magnifying glass. Everything is perfect! My husband love it so much too, he carries it in his pocket all the time!!!

I got two of these - one for my mom and one for my mother-in-law, both in their 80s.  What I wonder is why i didn't get one for me?  I will be wanting to order another for myself.  These were a big hit for these ladies and so useful.  As we age, we need more light to see what was once easy for us to read.  Often we are in areas where the lighting is poor or minimal.  This answers that need.  If you are looking for a product like this, try it.  It will meet your needs.

Manification is great and the light is very helpful.  With the color, very easy to find in the draw.  Recommend to those of us who need a little more help seeing.

I purchased this after reading many reviews on Amazon as well as other sites.  As I get older, it is becoming somewhat difficult to read small print product model numbers as well as serial numbers.  This is perfect for that.  I also use it in dark resturants to read menus.  It is small enough for me to put it mr pants pocket when I don't need it.The field of undistorted magnification is pretty small but is good enough for my purpose.  I also purchased one for my wife as well as my son-in-law.  Both of them concur with my statements.  The LED light is bright enough that in many cases I did not need the magnification to read the menu.

I read a lot of the reviews for this lighted magnifier and the only complaint I saw was it did not come with a pouch or cover.  However, the plastic case it came in works fine for this product. The light is very bright and the magnifier is very clear.  I love it.

I only gave this 4 stars instead of 5, because of the packaging it comes in.  The plastic is sharp & isn't that easy to carry in your bag without stabbing yourself on it, but without the plastic box, the magnifier would get very scratched.  I may discard the plastic box, but keep the magnifier in something soft, like a small sock.  Otherwise, the magnifier works great.

Just ok at best. The magnifying glass is distorted and the item is just ok. Definitely not worth the price, you can easily find the same item for 10 bucks. I bought it as a small gift to replace an item from Brookstone that was bought years ago and I was disappointed. Pass.

I purchased this because my other magnifying glasses were scratched and it is a son of a gun holding the magnifying glass in one hand and a flashlight in the other.  This product solves that with flying colors. The lamp is very bright, and illuminates very well. The 3 X optical is just right... whether it is splinters, small print or dates on coins, or identifying small bugs, this will easily make all things larger and visible.The day after I got mine, I ordered two more.. .one for my 86 year old father in law and one for my 78 year old mom. The day after my father in law got his, he called up and asked for another one for a neighbor who saw it and also wanted on. My mom called a few days later and asked me to get one for my aunt.  I now have bought six of them in the last two weeks. The bright translucent colors are pretty and help the elders find it easily.The only downside, as mentioned in other reviews, it the plastic case it comes in. I tossed mine and put the glass in a soft cloth drawstring bag that had been used for marbles. It fit perfectly. With prime shipping it is a no lose proposition. Get one now or when you get that sliver or splinter, and want a magnifying glass, I guarantee you will be thinking about how you passed this up. 4 stars because of the lousy plastic box, but 5 stars for the product itself.

Great magnification and light, good size and easy to tuck in the purse.  Really a good buy for the money.

Product works well and is light weight.  The only problem is the screw on the battery compartment.  It is too small and I lost it when I tried to change the battery.  It would be nice if they used a latch instead of a screw.

This is a great little portable magnifier with light.  I bought 2 of them so I could keep one in my purse and have one for my desk.  However, my husband liked the blue one so much he took off with one and now I need to re-order!It is slightly curved so it feels good in your grip.  Closed, it measures about as long as your standard full-sized desktop mouse and about a half inch thick.  The viewing glass area is about as big as the face/screen of a flip style cell phone.  When open it emits an impressively strong light that works like a champ in the darkest of rooms. As it is an LED light it should have a very long operating life as LEDs don't require a lot of power.  Presumably the battery could be changed if needed as there is a small door with a single screw located behind where the light is housed.  5 stars!

It's compact so it fits anywhere in purse or drawer, and the light is bright even in a well-lit room.

I use mine daily. A very handy gadget for reading small fine print.I take mine everywhere because my eye sight isn't what it used to be.

This magnifier has a rectangular lens and built in light, which is what I wanted.The lens has a slight distortion close to the edges but is acceptable.I was looking for a magnifier with multiple lights, but the single LED in this unit works very well.

I purchased this item for my parents, it is all I expected and more!  Great buy and they love it!

This magnifier has nothing to cover it when not in use.I compared it with a Carson 3x magnifier and this one did not seem as clear as the Carson - hard to see the furigana clearly in Japanese comic books with this one.The Carson ones come with a cover.I would recommend the Carson 5x if you are looking for good size enlarging.Carson MiniBrite 5x Power Slide- Out MagnifierI wish I had skipped the 3x and gone with the 5x only.For this one in the 3x, the light works well and lights things up nicely.Carson MiniBrite 5x Power Slide- Out Magnifier

This is a very useful lighted magnifierI use it a lotBatteries are not readily available and must be ordered from a battery storeBut the batteries last a long time

I like to carry this with me when I go shopping as it is very light and a nice size to slip in a small handbag or pocket.  The light really helps the magnification to make many things very easy to read such as instructions, ingredients, etc.

Excellent product. Very happy with it's handy usefullness in many situations at home and outside the home, at the grocery, in a restaurant, in my truck. Now I don't have to ask the wait staff at a restaurant for a flashlight and a magnifying glass - LOL. Gave it a four because it does not come with a convenience case, or the option of a conveience case, to keep the lens from scratching. However, I bought a small, inexpensive eyeglass case - either hard case or soft. I bought both because I have more than one light. The eyeglass case works real well to protect the lens and is a convenient way to carry the light.

This magnifier enlarges the target consistently, which is what my dad was looking for. The price is also acceptable and the light makes it very handy in dark places. Highly recommended.

I carry this around in my bag (just in case).  I will have to make a little sleeve for it so that I can cut down on the lint & scratches that it collects, though.  It works very well and is the perfect size--not too big to be gauche, not too small to be ineffective.

This magnifier is good, but the lens window could be a little bigger. The light is bright as well and the battery can be replaced.

The viewing area is really, really small, 1.5 inches to be exact. I have to close one eye to focus.

Purchased one of these about 6 months ago for my legally blind, 88 year old father who lives in a retirement community.  Worked like a charm for reading dinner menus, dials on the washer and dryer, etc. BUT he gave it back to me a week ago, saying the batteries needed replacement.  Bought precisely the same batteries that were in it, but as soon as the battery cover is replaced, the light comes on and stays on. I cannot get the light to turn off. This leads me to believe the switch is faulty as no fiddling changes this situation.  Now I'm back to Square One, looking for another portable lighted magnifying glass.

Good quality lense with bright light. Light only comes on when unit is extended so you don't waste battery power. Product is big enough to help you read but small enough for storage in pocket or purse.Highly recommend.

There is nothing more annoying than to be confronted with either type so small that only a knat could read it, or to realize that your vision isn't what it used to be.  Either way this wonderful, small, petitely sized lighted magnifying lens is the perfect answer!  We have several now, some in different colors.  One is stored in our linen closet next to the box of OTC meds (who can read those labels - particularly when you're feeling bad enough to use an OTC med?), one is handy in a kitchen drawer, we've got one in each car (map reading at night anyone?) and one in our study.  Need I say more?

Love this product.  I have had other magnifiers that don't come close to the quality of this one.  I am going to buy more so I can keep one in the car for maps, etc.  You can't go wrong purchasing this product.

Problem solved with this baby!  It's cute and makes menus easy to read even in the most dimly lit venues.  It has a nice weight to it and there's been no issue with paint chipping or peeling, even though it gets constantly jostled around in my bag (which contains everything but the kitchen sink).

UPDATE: This model has been bought out by Walgreens. The newer Walgreens version uses three AAA batteries instead of the CR1130 batteries this obsolete model uses. Go to the Walgreens website to find it. You cannot buy it on their website, but Walgreens online has a zip code locator for a stocking store near you. Search Walgreens site search for "magnifier". Also look at Walgreens branded "Walgreens Led Magnifold 2X Rectangular Folding Magnifier". It's a lot bigger hand held grip. It's listed under $14.These are no longer available through Amazon. They were $10 each. Those are sold out and have not been replenished. I have seen these exact same lighted magnifiers listed under the Walgreens brand for $15. I assume Walgreens bought the rights. They've done that with a lot of very popular products.My elderly Mother loves this lighted magnifier. I love it too. So many things out there I cannot read because the print is small and the background color washes out the letters (dark). From over the counter pill bottles to every day packaging, this thing is a life saver.

Since getting lens implants following cataract removal, I've thrown away the glasses I'd worn all my life.  Don't even need readers.  However, really fine work, especially in limited light, is a challenge.  I saw a similar magnifier in use and purchased this item after an Amazon search.  Just what the doctor ordered.  Sliding it open lights the bright LED light, closing it turns the light off; couldn't be simpler.  Optics are clear.  I only wish that the lens were protected when closed to prevent dust from accumulating and the inevitable scratches that will occur if this is carried around.  Nice product, fair price.

I purchased 2 of these on January 11, 2011, one for me and one for my wife. We are both pleased with the magnifier.  The lense is crystal clear and provides ample magnification.  The LED provides bright and welcome light.  I highly recommend this product.

This magnifier is the best of more than a dozen small magnifiers that I have purchased over the past several years.  Images seen through this magnifier do not appear distorted, and the availability of the light on the magnifier has been enormously useful when needed.

This really is a nice pocket magnifier with a great deal of functionality at a fairly low price.It's relatively small and very light weight with an acrylic lens that's nicely clear edge to edge, which is better than some small magnifiers that are sometimes a bit blurry toward the edges.The LED light has a good balance of brightness without being overly bright, and if used as a carry-around magnifier it could easily serve as an emergency flashlight as well, which is a sort of unexpected bonus.  You could certainly find your way to your house door in the dark or find something that you've dropped or even change a flat tire at night using the light (in a pinch).  At the same time, the light is not overly bright, so using the magnifier plus light to read a menu in a dark restaurant can be done without disturbing others.My one gripe about the magnifier is that it doesn't come with a protective pouch.  Ideally, a small microfiber cloth pouch should be included to both protect and clean the lens.  I suspect that if the unprotected magnifier were kept (for instance) in a purse or backpack or desk drawer for convenience, the lens could easily become so scratched over time by other objects as to lose some of its clarity.  What would it cost to add a microfiber pouch?  Not much at all (probably pennies for the manufacturer).  I'd pay an extra dollar or two for this magnifier with a pouch included.  I think the LightWedge folks missed the mark with that omission in packaging.For a pouch, it's easy and inexpensive enough to purchase a microfiber eyeglasses/sunglasses pouch, but those are typically larger (longer, wider and deeper) than needed for such a small magnifier.  We decided so sew our own from a 6x6-inch square microfiber cloth, adding a drawstring to the top. I'm sure that will increase the usable life of the magnifier and provide a ready-made way of keeping the lens clean as well.I'm tempted to give the magnifier only 4 out of 5 stars for the lack of inclusion of a pouch/protector/cleaner (an omission that I'm convinced could easily shorten the usable life of the lens), but I like the lighted magnifier so much as it is that it gets 5 stars from me.Update July 6, 2014:  Still a great little magnifier for the price -- but only at the price I paid for it of a little less than $9.  At the current price I see today of about $25 (with the current seller), I'd say it's not a good deal at all.  This is not a $25 item.

I refurbish vintage electronics for a hobby, and this is a perfect tool to facilitate checking your work, and seeing fine detail.  The LED lamp is particularly handy in seeing into the shadows inside a component.

