We purchased 2 of these seats and used them for over 3 years. My boys loved their seats, in fact I had to encourage each of them that they had outgrown them. We had no problems with them sticking or ruining our chairs. They did not fall apart. My boys did not pick at them or poke holes in them. When we were going to a friend or family's home for dinner these were easy to take with us. After 3+ years they were still in great condition and I was able to sell them. Now I have a daughter and I know I'll be picking up another of these when she's 2.

We ordered two of these booster seats for our children. With the high price tag, we expected them to last through all four children. However, after two years, they both ripped. The problem is, if your child likes to get down from the chair by him/herself and you don't actually pull the chair back for them to get down from the front of the seat, then they have to slide over the edge of the booster. After awhile, it will tear. The entire side of both boosters is now gone. They still work but they look horrible. I would recommend a booster without the sides (which is what they turn into!).

My wiggly giggly girl sits in this booster.  For us it has worked much better than the hard plastic that is available in most stores.  My only frustration is that the travel bag was not shipped with the item and it was really impossible to figure out how to get one sent to me that I gave up trying to get it.

I currently have four children aged four and younger and the Cooshie is our favorite booster seat.  It is soft and comfortable and, even with all of my oldest son's ups and downs and wiggles and squirms, it stays right where I put it.  We have had our oldest Cooshie for more than a year and it is still in one piece and good shape despite my son's abuse.The Cooshie is about the size of the traditional hard plastic booster, so you can take it with you but it's not the most convenient thing to haul around.  We typically toss ours into the car when heading to a restaurant just in case there are no acceptable boosters available and only take it out if needed.  The zipper case it comes in does have handles, so that makes it a bit easier.This booster is very easy to clean.  I typically whipe ours down with a damp rag each meal and take it to the sink for a thorough wash regularly.  I've even been known to take a Clorox wipe to it when the kiddos have been sick in addition to the washing.A note to consider - the rubber does have the potential to break down some varnishes and paints over time.  If you are quite attached to your chairs I would recommend a nice slip cover so that the booster doesn't come in direct contact with the finish (or go the cheap route and put a piece of cardstock or posterboard against the back of the booster).  The bottom of the Cooshie has a different finish and texture than the rest of the booster and I'm not certain if the bottom has the same potential to break down the finish since I have farm chairs with straw seats, so there is no finish to break down, though the Cooshie has taken some paint off of the seat backs.

I have 3 children ages 6, 5 and 3 and they all use one of these seats.  I thought by now my older kids would have outgrown them but they are on the small side and still need the extra height to sit comfortably at the kitchen table.All 3 seats are still in fantastic shape.  The oldest one I have is 4 years old and the newest one is 6 months old and you can't really tell the difference between them.  They hold up real well and are easy to keep clean.They adhere well to any seat in my house from kitchen to dining room.  No slipping at all.I highly recommend this booster seat.  Yes it is pricey but it lasts forever as I can attest too.

Our playgroup has lunch together every week.  One of the moms bought this booster and brought it for her daughter. Within two weeks the entire group had bought the cooshie booster seat.  They come in black, green and blue so far as I know.  The clean easily and are very convenient to carry to restaraunts in the carry case it comes in.  I am a tough critic of baby products and this one ranks #1!Grayson, GA

I have two three year olds and it works great for them. It does not slide at all. They have no trouble getting in and out of it by themselves. Probably would not be safe for a real young child because it has no straps. Easy to clean too!

Our daughter is almost 2- and the highchair was getting in the way more than anything. We found this chair and bought it immediatly. It sits onto our exsisting chairs and does not slip or slide off. She loves being a big girl now and sitting at the table. Its easy to clean off and very durable. We had some of the other boosters for our sons but they were never able to slide them under the table, so the chairs stuck out. Glad we found this one.

The booster works great, does not slip on a chair, and is easy for my 2 year old to move around on her own.  I highly recommend this product.

I was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.  I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was I wrong!  I've been using this booster for 2 years now.  It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.  Both of them LOVE it.  The seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.  It doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is SO easy to clean.  I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.  No extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about! I don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the money!

Best booster for your toddler!  Doesn't scratch the chair, doesn't shift around, easy to clean.  Only drawback--kind of expensive, but worth it.

I bought a Cooshie Booster about a year and a half ago for my son.  Despite the daily use and not so nice treatment (my son throws it on the floor when he doesn't want to use it and sometimes drags it around the house to use in other locations), it is still in great shape.  No breaks or tears and cleans up very easily. I also like that it's soft, so it doesn't scratch our dining room chairs and it stays in place well.  Both my children seem comfortable in it and seems to enjoy using it.  My daughter is now about 20 months old and she and her brother are starting to fight over the booster, so I am buying a second one.  I didn't even consider another booster; I just went straight for a second Cooshie.

At home, we had a plastic booster with straps to attach to the chair and the child.  We bought this chair just for traveling to grandma's house or a restaurant.  But as soon as it came in the door, my daughter loved it!  She wanted to sit in it just to watch TV... she wanted to sit in it to play with her toys....  She eventually refused to sit in her regular booster any more (we now use it for her little sister) and we had to buy another of these seats for traveling.  A great purchase that I would highly recommend!!

Our toddler (nearly 3) has been using this booster seat for the last 7 months -- he loves it! We had a hard plastic one that he use to sit in while in a kitchen table chair, but it wasn't easy to actually sit in that and eat at the table. With the Cooshie Booster, he does easily and is at a good siting hight to eat without constantly dragging his arms through his food.One of the biggest features we loved about the seat, is that it has a continuous flat bottom. After our son was too big for a restaurant high chair, he started using a booster at the restaurant. But those are easy to tip over and get unbalanced, so we gave up on them. After we got our first booster seat for the house, we decided to get a second one to keep in the car for dinner's out. He stays put in it fairly well.We are planning to get a third one of these as a present for our niece,  Can't miss with this.

This is a great booster and is effective for it's job--but there are a few things that could make it an even better seat.  I can't use this booster in my home because it is made out of a rubber substance that my kids LOVE to pull apart!! My young toddler likes to bite and take chunks out of the booster seat.  If you have an aggressive chewer in the house, you may want to think about this--this material is highly attractive to chewers!  Also, the seat does not come equipped with straps.  I had to switch to another booster with straps due to some safety issues associated with this also.

I have used it for many years and it still is in great condition!  And it is great to use on kitchen wooden chairs with damaging wood!

I did love this booster seat.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it got a small slit in the side of the foam andgradually got worse quickly.  Our children loved it so much they would use it to sit on and play with their toys, so it was used hard.  I would buy it again.  I just wanted you to know to be careful with it.  It is not as durable as other chairs.I had limited success with duct tape.

Love this booster!  We've had ours since it was first introducted in the stores in 2003; it is still in great condition and expect it to last as long as my boys need to use it (and possibably more).  It works great with our corner knook table (we even take it in it's handy case when we eat out), but don't recommend its use on the bench or on a seat without a backing.  We had to buy a second to keep my 2 and 3 year old from fighting over who was going to sit in it during meals.

I purchased this booster initially because of the positive reviews and the fact that it looked so comfortable.  It also was in one piece without any cracks or crevices for food to hide.  However, at 8 months, it has fallen apart.  I realize it is only foam, but I would think it would hold up a little better for $30.00 purchase price.  There have to be other better ones out there.

We needed a new seat because our daughter (2 at the time) was hurting herself on her old booster.  It has one of those big knobs to keep infants from sliding out of the seat.  When she would climb in and out of the seat by herself, which she insisted on doing, she would injure her private parts.  It wasn't a good thing.  So - we needed a new chair.  This one is GREAT - she can climb up and down.  It doesn't slip or slide (even with no straps).  It's comfie, lifts her up to reach the table, is super easy to clean, keeps her from squirming around the way she does in a "grown up chair."  I highly recommend it.

This product ruined my new wood diningroom chairs!It sat for a week on my chair and left a shiny residue that couldn't be cleaned off.I only wonder what is coming off on the child that sits on it.It is made by baking it in an oven in a mold.They say it is safe but I wonder!!!!

I started using this cooshie (actually in purple, to the other reviewer they DO come in purple, although we ordered it Blue from Amazon) for our daughter when she was about 18 months old.That was 18 months ago, and we were actually very upset that we had to place her in a booster at that age (the fancy highchair we had just drove us crazy, this was our only option). Its a very unique booster seat, and we are VERY happy to have purchased one.It stays on our kitchen chairs easily (wooden chairs, with an upholstered bottom) and surprisingly enough the cooshie even grips onto those! It does grip better to our all wooden dining room chairs, but after reading the "melting" reviews, I will be using a kitchen chair for her while in the dining room :). It also adapts well to outdoor furniture, and just about ANY seating area. It doesn't have straps or anything that will eventually collect crud and just become annoying, and it "sticks" to the chairs due to cleverly thought out rubbery material, it grips to just about anything! The cooshie doesn't have buckles or anything to contain a child, so you should think twice before purchasing if your little munchkin just doesn't sit still, or may fall off. The cooshie is VERY lightweight and easy for my daughter to take off of her chair, and bring ANYWHERE she will be sitting, even directly on the floor! It has also been a fun pool toy (dont ask how the heck it got into the pool, because frankly I dont know!) and it floats, just its not to be used as a flotation device! The cooshie is SO EASY TO CLEAN, just wipe it up, and I swear you will never have to deep clean or anything, just wipe it up and EVERYTIME you are done!!My daughter LOVES sitting at the table with everyone, and the cooshie is actually very comfortable. She hasn't ruined hers yet, although she isn't a really rough girl, but it may become an issue with rambunctious children, as the foamy inside may rip or something, but if that ever DID happen, we would purchase another without any hesitation. She also has been able to get into the chair herself, which worried me, I though we would have to lift her. But the cooshie is just another obstacle that most kids will be able to get over, my daughter has developed a very "funny-to-watch" technique as to how she will get into her chair, so this shouldn't be a problem.I too found it annoying that my daughter cant lean back all the way, since there really isn't too much of a back, but enough to make it annoying to use the actual chair to lean back against (if that's hard to follow, I apologize, she just cant rest with the cooshie). It doesn't seem to bother her that much, but I wish there was SOMETHING that would enable her to "rest" back a bit. It will also destroy your wooden furniture if there's nothing between the cooshie and the wooden finish. The cooshie comes with a large carry bag, that we found very useful for eating out or going to relatives... it holds her cooshie, and bibs and whatnot for her younger brothers, or something to entertain her... it doesn't fold or anything, but I wouldnt expect any booster to be anymore "luggable" than the cooshie is.Its also great for the older crowd, my friends EIGHT year old was always sitting on his knees while eating, and he isn't really short, just that they have odd chairs, and that he preferred to be up closer. Once he tried the cooshie, he was more confident and comfortable, and actually wanted ours! So, this goes without saying, my friend purchased one for him and he takes his EVERYWHERE!The cooshie is just a great booster seat for older children, or at least toddlers. Its simplicity and perfection in design amazes me, and I will defiantly be on the market for two more in a few years, when her twin brothers need them too!

I love the Cooshie Booster. This was the second one I bought and I did not wish to buy any other booster seat after my experience with it the first time around. My kids like it because it is high and soft, and I like it because it cleans wonderfully. The added bonus of buying it this second time was that it came with a bag for travel at no extra cost.

THIS HAS TO BE THE BEST BOOSTER SEAT I HAVE EVER USED FOR MY CHILDREN. IT DOES NOT SLIP OFF CHAIRS, THE CHILD DOES NOT SLIP OUT THE SEAT EITHER. ITS VERY EASY TO CLEAN AND VERY DURABLE. I LOVED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT ONE FOR MY SISTERS KIDS AND GRANDMAS HOUSE TOO. YOU WOULD BE SILLY TO PASS THIS OPPORTUNITY UP.

I bought this booster seat to replace our 2 1/2 year old's highchair-His highchair converted to a booster seat, but the sides of it were too big to fit under the table, so he was too far away from his food.This booster seat is perfect; it's comfortable, affordable, and the perfect size to fit under the table, yet give baby good height.I even went ahead and ordered another one for my 17 month old.  He loved sitting in his brother's at the table like a big boy; so, I knew it was a sure thing and now he has one too!It's very easy to clean, and no cover!  (Oldest son tore two covers on his highchair/booster seat).  It's very soft material too, great for comfort.  It's also small, easy to transport if you want to take it with you to a restaurant or to Gramma's house.

This booster seat is a great concept but it destroyed my solid oak kitchen chair!  It left a dark gummy residue on the seat and back spindles.  I've tried everything to remove it but it looks like I will now have to have the chair professionally fixed.

We been using the cooshie booster for more than nine months and love it. My cousin introduced us to this magical seat on our sons' first visit to Chicago. She has twins and extra booster seats for when their friends come to visit so our son got to test it out. It's comfortable for toddlers, lightweight, and easy to clean. I wish I had known about it before we bought the restaurant booster seat that is now sitting in the garage.

The Cooshie Booster is a good booster seat for toddlers when used in the right conditions.  However, my wife and I are yet to experience the miraculous calming effects at the dinner table that so many other reviews have mentioned.The Booster is made from one solid piece soft foam material.  The material is very lightweight and cleans up very easily.  The one-piece construction also aids in clean-up - no cracks to trap food or let spills get through to your furniture.  Plus, the material grips on wooden chairs;  it's never budged when our active two-year-old is using it.  This ease of use, both at the table and when getting washed in the sink, are its major selling points.On the other hand, the one-piece construction makes the bulky Booster less than ideal for use away from home.  Forget about using it at restaurants because it's not different enough from what they'll provide.  We only take ours out when we're going to Grandma and Grandpa's house for a few days;  otherwise, it's more trouble than it's worth.  Sure, it's lightweight, but the supplied carrying case is roughly the size of a bowling ball bag.  Plus, the bag is very cheap and unattractive;  basically they're selling you the packaging as a carrying case.Lastly, we haven't seen the Booster effect any great improvement in our son's attention span at the table - when he wants to get down, he wants to get down, period.  I don't believe that any booster seat could make such a difference in toddler behavior, so I don't hold it against this one;  I'm just surprised how many others have reported these results.  If anything, our son is frustrated by the Booster because its size prevents him from climbing into his chair unassisted.  Because he's in the toddler independence phase, he'd often rather climb into another chair by himself rather than be lifted into the Booster.So, the Booster does a great job of providing a simple-to-use and easy-to-maintain solution at home, but if you take your little one out frequently, a more portable options would suit you better.PROS*  Stable, soft foam stays in place without marking chairs*  Very easy to clean with one-piece constructionCONS*  Bulky on the go*  Will frustrate toddlers who like to climb into their own chair

This is a great booster, but if your kids are larger and they let their legs dangle over the raised back or sides, or push down on the sides to climb in, the foam will tear.  The seat is pure foam rubber, with a very thin "skin" coating of the same or similar material.I wish they'd make a version without raised sides for older kids who don't need them.  I cut the raised back and sides off one of mine up with a bread knife, but then the kids want to pick off pieces of foam.  I thought we were being extra careful with the second seat, but is has a large tear in one side now too, on the side our child climbs in and out of.  My younger boy pulls the chair part way out, and climbs in, over the raised side so that when he's there no one has to push him up to the table.To keep it from tearing, you'll have to make sure the child pulls the chair all the way out, and climbs in the front only.Other than this issue, it is perfect in it's simplicity, and won't scratch the finish off the chairs like plastic boosters!

We just got this for our 2 year old son. It is such a great product. There is no sliding off of the chair and it is so easy to clean. I would defintely recommend this over other booster chairs, we have a different booster chair at our lake house that has all the straps and tray but is very cumbersome and difficult to clean up. Also, my son prefers this booster chair because he likes the 'big boy' aspect of not being buckled in but amazingly he always remains seated. Wish I would have bought this one first.

After tiring of wiping up trays that didn't stay put, straps that couldn't be cleaned completely and levers that didn't operate easily, we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely WONDERFUL little seat.  Made of an interesting foamy material, it actually stays where you put it on a chair so your little one can eat like a "big person" at the table with you.  The surface wipes clean easily, it's portable and comes in its own plastic carry case so you can toss it in the car to bring along to restaurants (who wants to use a filthy universal high chair that maybe 1000+ kids have spilled on before yours??)Your child will love the comfy feel, the secure bottom and the colors!  We bought ours in the store and there was a choice of Aqua, Red, Black, Royal Blue and Purple.  The price is right in line with other toddler feeding contraptions, and this one will grow with your child till they are old enough to sit without a booster.  There are no straps on this seat, however, so don't expect to prop a baby inside...your child must be at least 18 months old OR old enough to sit still while eating and not topple out.

We purchased this booster after getting tired of taking apart our plastic booster to clean it every night.  Our son was a slob and dribbled his food everywhere!  We liked that it was one piece and wiped down easily.  I also love it for all of the other reasons already mentioned (no straps, ease of removal, etc.) He's used it for the past 2 years and it's worked out great.  Our only complaint is that the top of the back has split in a couple of places.  I taped it up with packing tape to preserve it a bit, but it doesn't look that attractive.  I plan to buy a new one when my 1 year old can get out of the high chair.

For all the reasons others have mentioned - not having to fasten it to the chair, it staying securely in place, easy to move around, easy to clean, comfortable - this is a great seat.  I bought it for my daughter when she was 2, and she still prefers it to no booster now that she is almost 6.  The caveat is that on ours the side (the "lip" on one side) tore off, taking a bit of the seat with it, after her climbing in and sliding out over and over again.  As I saw it begin to tear, I tried to duct tape it; this not only didn't help but left a sticky mess.  I would prefer that it have the back on it but no sides.  We still use it; it is still perfectly functional, but it looks bad.  I do like it well enough that despite this I am going to buy a second one for my younger child, since my nearly-6-year-old does not want to give hers up.  For what it's worth....

I really like this booster seat.  It works well for my two year old.  She's comfortable in it, it doesn't slide off or scratch the chair.  Very easy to clean as well.  The only downfall that I can see is that there is nothing keeping her in the seat (no strap), so she gets up when she wants to, rather than when I want her to!

We've had one for 1.5 years and it still looks brand new. It is used every day at least once. My 3 year old likes to get it down and use it in front of the tv, too. Now my 1 yr old is getting it down for himself, so I am buying a second one for him. Great product.

This product is made from a foam-like material which a toddler can break or tear off.  We have two Cooshie boosters and both have fallen apart.  Also pieces of the foam have been chewed off, becoming a serious choking hazard.

This booster is very comfy and many of my friends had this, however, my 3 yo son is  a wriggly kid, and he broke apart this booster so there are large fissures around the top of the seat. Perfect for tons of crumbs to fall through and making clean up a nightmare. I saw one of my friends' Cooshie boosters and she had to put duct tape across the fissures to hold the seat together. I emailed the company and TWO MONTHS later they wrote back and asked for pictures. We'll do so and see if we can get a refund, as it's appalling that a booster seat that cost this much did not last very long at all!PS - we did get a replacement booster seat, but now have a different booster for my son while waiting for the replacement. I guess we'll keep it for the next kiddo.

My 3.5 year old was wanting to sit like a big girl at the table and was just a bit shy height wise. She calls this her squishy cooshie and just adores it. We are so happy with this product and would advise any parent to purchase one.

We have had our Cooshie Booster [almost a year].We have purchased several different boosters seats but all have fell short of my expectations. Not the Cooshie Booster. It is super soft, easy to carry, and easy to clean. My daughter uses it for everything. We take it to the movie theater. We take it to restaurants where it is so nice to have your own "clean" booster seat to use. She uses it on the computer chair so she can use the computer easily. Her grandparents love to use it at their houses too. If I were going to a baby shower this would be one of the first gifts I would buy.

Okay, so it's ridiculously overpriced, but...it's the only thing I've found for my big 2 1/2-year-old.  He's WAY too big for the plastic booster we had, and not big enough to sit properly at the table.  It's simple yet effective.  I wish I had designed this product -- the gross profit must be HUGE.Update:  The boy's now 4 1/4 and the booster's still going strong!!Another Update:  Pushing 5 now and...you guessed it...still using daily.  Now THAT'S what I call getting your money's worth!!

EASY TO CLEAN! STAYS SECURE IN THE CHAIR! MY SON LOVES IT!  I HAVE USED IT FOR A YEAR AND STILL IN PERFECT CONDITION!

My 2 year old loves this seat.  After our son decided that high chairs are for "babies" we bought this booster so he could sit at the table like a big boy.  We've used it for 3 days and its been a wonderful investment.  He loves it!  I'll be adding the safety 1st 4 stage feeding seat to my yard sale pile!

We bought a Cooshie to replace a cheap plastic booster we "adopted" at a garage sale.  My then 15-month-old sat in the old booster and thought it was the coolest thing since sliced bread, so we bought it.  While terribly ugly, that booster attached to the back of the chair and had fairly sturdy sides/arms that my tall (now 2) son could use to pull him self up and into the chair.  Since the Kushie is not attached, it moves all over, making it very hard to get into.  For an independent toddler that prides him/herself on every achievement, the Cooshie was too far of a step backwards, and we reverted back to our garage sale treasure.

We just purchased this for our soon to be 4 year old.  He had to give up his Safety First Fold and Go Booster to his 1 year old brother who refused to sit in his highchair.  The product description says for use up to 4, but our 4 year old (40 pounds, 42 inches) fits in it fine with plenty of room to grow yet.  Was amazed at how well it stayed on the chair.  I have to admit I was a little bit of a skeptic.  Really a great product. Our 1-year old also thinks it's a great chew toy and he has yet to be able to bite a piece off of it (choking hazard, I know).

Forget all the ridiculous hard plastic, slipping, strappy JUNK for chairs! You will sigh with relief when your child plops down in this one. THANK GOODNESS there is something that works! Every parent that visits asks me where I got it. I have so many friends who have bought one after having their child eat a meal, or color, etc. in mine! GREAT purchase. You will no be sorry. I bought this off reviews alone, and I am SO pleased!

The Cooshie Booster is a wonderful booster seat.  It is very sturdy, comfortable, and an excellent replacement for our high chair.  It is incredibly easy to clean due to its one-piece design, especially when compared to our high chair that seemed to collect food.  Also, the travel bag makes it very easy to take the Cooshie out with you. My 2 year old son loves the Cooshie and carries it all around the house with him.  I highly recommend this booster seat.

My best friend bought these for her three girls and when we went up to visit her I fell in love!  I recently bought three for my little men (ages 4, 4, and 2) and they are wonderful. They are lightweight and soft. The boys love them so much, they go everywhere with us.  The travelbag that comes with them is great!  Buy one and see!

We have a vintage 1950's kitchen dinette set with the original vinyl covering on the chairs. The hard plastic booster we were using was leaving permanent dents in the vinyl, so I bought this booster in hopes of remedying the problem. I also wanted our son, now 2, to have a more comfortable seat at meal times. This seat instantly reduced dinner-time squirming and the vinyl on the chairs is back to normal. I also love the fact that this seat does not need to be buckled to the chair so we can easily move it when needed. Clean up is a snap, too. I rinse it off in the sink with a little mild soapy water, towel dry and it's back in place. I'll be giving this as a baby shower gift from now on.  Don't waste your money on other boosters.

I bought this item based upon a recommendation. I found it to be perfect for keeping my little girl at the table. It is easy to clean, and simple to use.  What more can you ask for?

Our two year old absolutely loves this seat as does his mommy! It is made of a wonderfully soft material and it is so easy to keep clean. There are no hidden areas for food to hide in. The non stick bottome keeps the booster right where you want it! We take this booster everywhere and the travel bag makes it easy to do! Our son feels like a big boy and loves his new seat. We even take it into restaurants because his cooshie seat is so much nicer than the boosters the restaurant will offer!Awesome product worth the money!

My 16 month old daughter has gotten to the stage where she no longer wants to use a highchair or any of those other booster seats with the trays (ie. Tot-Loc, First Years 4 in 1 feeding seat, and First Years Folding Booster...all great products by the way)  She really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl, and she didn't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays.  We were at our wits end and after reading all the reviews here, we decided to give it a try, but I must admit we were a bit skeptical and nervous using this for our daughter because she is so young and most of the other reviewers said they used this for an older child.  Well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster.  The booster wipes clean very easily, sticks to the chair very well, and the seat itself is non-slip, so our daugher does not slouch and side off this seat like she did with other hard plastic boosters.  Best of all, the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table (much better fit than the hard plastic boosters) and she appears to be much more comfortable (not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now).  This booster seat seems to have completely changed the way my daughter looks at meal time for the better.  Also, the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch, and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster.  We're looking forward to using this booster for the next couple of years, and since it's so portable, we only need to buy one and just take it everywhere we go.One thing I should mention, I wouldn't buy this booster for a child who is overly active and doesn't like to sit still.  My daughter has no problems sitting still for extended periods as long as she is occupied, but if she were the kind of kid who always has to be moving at this age, I wouldn't use this booster just yet as it does not have any safety belt to hold your child in.

We've been using this booster for our 2 1/2 year old for over a year.  Now I'm buying another one for my 1 year old.  It is so comfortable that my daughter will color, do puzzles, play with playdoh, etc. for a long time without getting up.  So we use it for many other table activities in addition to mealtime.  It's easy to clean and has held up perfectly over the year+ we've been using it multiple times a day.  We have it on a bench seat at our kitchen table so tipping over/not having straps isn't an issue.  I miss it when we forget it when we go out to eat, especially since restaurant booster are so slick and unsteady, it's easy for her to tip over.  This one seems to stay put on a chair even without straps.  We haven't encountered any residue like other users (our chairs are fabric or vinyl covered).  Lastly, our 1 year old loves to climbs in and out of it when it's on the floor.  She's in the "climb on everything" phase and it's nice for that because it's low, cushioned, and not top heavy.

My now 2.5 year old son loves this booster seat, as do I.  When he started on soft foods, I first purchased one of the hard plastic variety, for use while travelling or at grandma's house in lieu of a high chair.  I disliked it because of the various pieces (came with a tray), and all of the straps were a nuisance.  My son also appeared to be uncomfortable in the plastic seat and didn't want to stay put for long.  When it was time for him to graduate out of a high chair, I started hunting around for an alternative booster seat.  I was leery that the Cooshie booster does not have straps to hold him in, but I think he's so comfortable that he just stays put!  That has never been a problem.  The Cooshie seat is lightweight, comfortable, easy to clean, easy to move (no straps or clamps), and easy for him to get in and out of on his own.  The rubbery-type fabric is not slippery for him, which I have noticed as a problem with other plastic or wood booster seat/chairs.  It's just great and I very highly recommend it.

I have a smaller five year old that wanted to sit in a big boy chair, not the stool we had been using.  After he destroyed one of our phone books, and scratched our wood chairs with a hard plastic seat, I found the Cooshie.  I highly recommend it.  It is easy to cart with you and he loves having a seat that can move around.  We are looking forward to using it next week at a movie theater.  No more coats!  Consider this seat if your child is smaller, but no longer a toddler.  In addition, he loved the color and the softness.  What a bonus.

I cannot recommend this product highly enough.  We went through several other boosters before discovering this one while dining at a friend's house.  The seat is comfortable for my two kids (now 5 and 3) who have each been using one since about 2 years old.  They can climb in and out of it without the seat falling off the chair due to the slightly sticky nature of the rubber bottom.  The seat is a snap to wipe clean with a sponge, and lightweight enough to carry to grandma's or wherever.  My parents tried to buy one at Babies 'R Us to keep at their house, and apparently they have stopped carrying it and now have their own copycat (and greatly inferior) version.  I found this seat to be well worth the price!

My son (2.5) sits LONGER at the table, is comfortable, and even likes to sit in the seat on the floor and read books!  Amazingly simple to clean and very safe.  It comes with a carrying case wtih handles and we take it to dinner / grandparents!  He sits in this seat at restaurants and seems to behave and sit comfortably for much longer!

My twins really like this booster.  It is comfortable to sit on and it does not slide around on the chair.  It is easy to clean and we can bring it with us when we go on vacation.

We've had our cooshie for about a year.  We really like it.  It's so light and easy to store quickly (if company comes unexpectedly etc.)  It cleans easily and best of all there's no cracks or crevices for food to get stuck in.  The only complaint I have is the seat isn't high enough for our needs.  My son just turned 4 a few days ago and it seems like he's just big enough now to actually sit on the coohsie and he's the right height. I wish it made the kids a little bit taller.

This booster seat is awesome!  It doesn't slide around on the chair and it's very easy to clean.  It held up quite well for my two children.

I have two, one for each of my boys. This booster is great because it doesn't need to be straped or attached to the chair and is very portable.  It never moves from the chair either and is so comfortable for the kids.  We absolutely love them!

I bought this for my son about 2 years ago.  It definately is the most comfortable booster you'll find, but over time the foam will split and break off.  My son's booster has two huge chunks missing on each side just from normal every day use.  Like another person stated in their post, it is still functional, but very unattractive if you leave it sitting on chair at all times like we do.  The advantages are comfort, light weight (for portability), so easy to clean, and stays put on chair without straps.  Like others, I too have some minor damage to the finish of my wood chairs, but all in all, I think I will purchase another one for my daughter.  We are about to retire her highchair.  Dispite the wear over time, I still think it's the best available.

This is a great product for bigger toddlers who have outgrown the highchair but still need a boost. It's great for travel and is easy to clean. Because there are no straps, it's great for taking out to eat instead of having them sit in the dirty booster seats in restaurants. However, BE VERY CAREFUL when your child is in this seat. It moves around fairly easily and a wiggly toddler can certainly pitch it off a chair without too much effort. It would be best used on a chair with arms or side rails, but on a kitchen chair or stool with only a back and no arms, you have to be at your child's side at all times. I have also found that it's very slippery on leather covered seats and better on solid wood (not secure, but less slippery). Very easy to clean and makes a nice outside seat on the ground for going to watch a game or have a picnic. Just be careful when they're sitting up high with no side support.

I can't tell you how much I love this seat! It is soft, comfortable and easy for my daughter to use.  It is light and cleans easily, so that makes Mom happy.  We use this at restaurants or at the our own table to give her a "boost"  she also likes to put it on the floor when she is watching TV because it is so comfy.  Taking it along to the restaurant or grandmas is a breeze because it is so light and portable.  It's not for younger children who need back support, but for a toddler, this is a great purchase.

We love this booster seat.  Judging by the other reviews, we're not alone!  We bought another portable booster seat first (that collapses and has to be inflated and strapped to chairs).  It was fine but high maintenance and too much work.  It wasn't stable and our son tended to end up leaning to one side.  So we found this one and gave it a shot.  GLAD WE DID!  It's very stable and stays put with no straps.  I can pull it up and rinse or wash it at the sink and have it back in the chair in a couple of minutes.  It's light and tough.  I wish we had bought this one first.  Love love LOVE it!

I just bought this today, after reading some great reviews on it. I have to say I love it. It is very comfortable, very easy to keep cleen, and very sturdy. My 23month old had no problem with it. Its a neat idea that they made the packaging it came in "the carrying" case. I dont think I want to add anything else into my hands when I go out, but its a neat idea.

This booster is great.  The material it is made of grips the chair so it doesn't slide around when the kids get in and out.  We have 2 year old twin boys and having 2 highchairs takes up a lot of space.  We switched them to these and they have done great at the table.  Plus they are super-easy to clean.

I absolutely LOVE this booster chair. We switched our daughter to the booster after being frustrated with the Peg Perego high chair (which, is another story in its' self). Anyway, we started to use the booster around 20months of age. Love it, love it... It is so easy to clean! I actually put it in the sink to clean it and then lay it sideways to dry. It is the best investment of all! I only wish I had invented this product :)

Our three year old daughter was ready to move out of the highchair when the twins were born (now 9 months). The cooshie was the best option, and certainly a wise choice.For us we wanted to have a booster that would be simple, no frills and amazing folding mechanisms, cool gadgets, and baby appealing features. We just wanted something to put on our chairs that could bring her up to the table. Well after looking at millions of hard boosters, with straps without, with trays without, reqlining, and folding, high backs, no backs, transformable, or one stage only... Finnally we laid eyes on the simplist one of them all, but definatly not the inferior model... The cooshie.It seemed so simple, like, "thats it", no straps to hold baby, no straps to hold to the chair, no trays, no back, no amazing features... but boy was this chair the winner of em' all!I loved that my daughter could pick out her own "style", basically a color, but that seeming meaningless thing, was so important to her! She picked out the purple cooshie (I believe they come in blue, green, purple, and red). We were also able to bring it to one of those stands at a flea market, to get it customized with her name and the cool letters, now she was ready to be a big girl!Well now onto the actual chair... Its easy to set up, because you just have to place it on a chair! We have solid wood chairs, but we placed one of those non-slip mats on it, after hearing how it ruins the garnish and finish of the wooden chairs. It doesnt slip, flip, slide, or wiggle, no matter how much my daughter moves, it stays put. I wouldnt recomend you using it on ahpolstered chairs, unless its leather or something that a chair could "stick to". The chair has no back, no straps, no trays or anything... this means its for an OLDER TODDLER, just as a seat so they can reach the table. Its not for babies, and I doubt I would use it any earlier than 2 1/2 to 3 years old, its just not designed for babies. You dont purchase a two wheeler for your 18 month old and get dissapointed because your baby falls off adn gets injured do you... no, because a two wheeler bicycle is not designed for an 18 month old, its for an older child... Just like the cooshie. Its an excellent seat though. Its like a big block of foam, thats covered in a rubbery material so it sticks to your chair. Its extremely comfortable for a child, and my daughter INSISTS on using it on the floor, on the couch, at her tables, and anywhere else it could be useful, just because its hers, and because its a big girl seat... something that sets her apart from the babies. We dont mind her dragging it where ever she wants (have even found it with her in the bathtub! It actually floats and dries really well, thats durability for ya!). We also found it SUPER easy to clean. We just lift it up and wipe it off with a baby wipe or something. I have honestly never done anything more, its not even like wipe it up and occasionally hose it down like some products, its simple enough to keep clean that way. I wouldnt recomend purchasing it for eating out though. The carry case it comes with is ridiculously large, its just a big piece of vinyl to lure you into purchasing it, making it sound portable. The cooshie doesnt fold, doesnt roll up and doesnt become any smaller than its original size, so its just carrying it around with handles... I would still purchase it, and have used it at relatives houses... but wouldnt recomend it for eating out... unless you dont mind the lack of portability.Its so simple, yet so unique and ingenious. I deduct one star because it does ruin wooden furnature (my mother tried to use it without knowing that it does, and her furniture was destroyed) and because it doesnt fold or anything for easy portability, and because my daughter finds it a bit difficult to sit on it, she wiggles around alot until she finds "the spot", and sometimes her legs stick to it (like on leather seats) and she cries out "ouch!". But these are easy to live with and minor problems, I would still recomend everyone purchasing it for your toddler.

I read many reviews about how great this booster was before buying it. It was the perfect booster for my very independent 2.5 year old to get in and out "BY MYSELF". It looks great and is so easy to clean.  However, I had just bought a new solid oak kitchen table and chairs...so I was a bit cautioned after reading that it damaged so many chairs. I was careful to always remove the booster after each meal and wipe down both the seat and the chair.  It seemed fine for a while,  but after a couple of months, I noticed that the finish started melting on a couple of my chairs. At first I thought it was juice and tried to wash it off.The person I am hiring to hopefully refinish the three chairs (I moved the booster around a bit) said that there are chemicals in rubber that react with varnish and will break down the finish.  Since my daughter is now 3 I bought a fluffy seat cushion to raise her up.  I was scared to buy the new "tieless" ones that also have rubber backing.  BE WARNED ...

We love this product and so do are children.  We got this for our daughter who is almost 4 years old because she can not reach the table without kneeling.  This works great and she is so comfortable.  My son (alomst 2) loves it too but without straps and because it is hard for him to sit still, I would not recommend it for an active toddler.  The downside is that is slides from our fabric-covered chair so it is not the most stable.

We love it and most important our 2 yr old loves sitting in it.  Soft and comfy.  A must have!!!

My 26-month-old daughter would only stay in her high chair for about 10 minutes then would beg to be taken down.  Our regular table chairs are too low and she wouldn't stay in them very long either.  The first time we tried this booster, she had a smile on her face from ear to ear. The table was at the proper height for comfortable eating and she sat through her whole meal! She has never done that! The booster is made of a special non-slip material and it really works. My daughter got spaghetti sauce on it and it wiped right off.  When I bought it I thought that the price was a little steep for a foam booster, but it is totally worth it! I highly recommend it!

This was my second one. My first one was chewed up by the dog lol. I love it, it is easy to move around and my boys can get in it all by themselves. Easy to clean up to.

This is the best booster seat. It "grips" easily to chairs and does not slide. We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it! It is the most durable seat too. My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition. It is soft and comfy. It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it. It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat. Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids! Definitely a must have!

I got this after trying to find a booster seat that my daughter can use at the table without tipping it like the ones you find at the restaurants.  My daughter didn't like to sit in her high chair and took apart her other booster seat.  But this one is soft to sit in, it won't tip too much when she gets out of it, she can sit at the table with the rest of us, and is easy to clean.I am not sure I would take it with us to go out to eat because we don't typically go out to eat too much.

I needed 2 boosters for my two year old twins but had no idea what style or type I needed.  I searched thru Amazon and read feedbacks on alot of different boosters before I found my Cooshies!  These are great, my very active twins actually sit for dinner!  They don't try to get up or wiggle... too much!  They just love their boosters and  I do too!

My 2 1/2 year olds highchair was terrible, so I threw it out on his first b-day. This chair is great, but I dont see anything miraculous going on.PROS-* Very comfortable, my son always says everything should be like cooshie* All one solid piece of foam, bo creveces to get food stuck in* It doesnt slip due to the material, a plus for a wiggly toddler* Sits him up high enough to eat* Can be easily taken off, no straps and all that stuff* Cute color, not bright and pastely* Very light weightCONS-* Is not at all portable, I dont know about you but I wouldnt want to "travel" with something the size of a large platter everywhere!* The "carry case" is cheap and really the size of a diaper bag... uhh sorry I already have one of those* leaves his feat dangling, although this is a problem occuring in MANY booster seatsThis is just a booster. I like it and I am glad I chose it but I dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster (not that I am denying the fact that those reviews are true) I just dont see how this cooshie could do it. My son is still fussy, and will get down when he feels like it, this comfortable booster doesnt stop him. He loves his booster and loves being a big bow v.s sitting in a highchair like his little brother

This seat is perfect for our toddler!  The seat does not move around and it is very easy to clean!  Our son likes it because it's so comfortable.  A little pricey but well worth it!

I love this seat!  My four year old son uses it at the kitchen table and moves it to the den to boost himself up to use the computer.  It is so comfortable and portable.  It is extreamly easy to clean and the best part is it doesnt have space under it for food to fall.

I am a Grandma, and love to use it...........even on my fancy walker.  My walker has a seat and brakes.  I made a seatbelt; so I can take him around the house with me, without hurting my back. I use it in chairs and even on the floor for  a little seat.

This is the best booster seat we've ever purchased. It sits firmly on any chair, it's very comfortable for my 3 year old and there are no clumsy straps to deal with. It's also very easy to take along wherever you go. We would recommend this product to anyone with toddlers who eat at the "big" table!

For the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.  The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.  The trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.  However, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.  It feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.  Obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.  The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair.

When our daughter was phasing out of the whole high chair thing, we were reluctant to use those hard plastic boosters in restaurants.  They slip and tip and slide all over, especially when you have a toddler who will reach for things--and whose doesn't?We have used this booster at home on our chairs and in many restaurants, not to mention at family parties/picnics, where we can put it on a folding chair or other chair and she can sit up at the table with everyone without much fuss on anyone's part.  And the bag makes it easy to toss into your car and go and grab it when you need it.  Overall, we really like it!

Soft and comfy. Easy to clean. If it gets a nick in it or if your toddler is a biter it is easy to pick at and pull apart.

My daughter loves her new big-girl seat.  She just turned 2, and the chair works perfectly with our dining chairs.  We also took it on vacation with us, and it came in handy.  This seat is a great alternative to the pricey toddler chairs out there.  I highly recommend it.

I just ordered another one for my second child.  This seat is awesome.  It's lightweight, easy to clean, and doesn't slip off the chair at all.  My kids love it too.  A must buy after the highchair is done.

I purchased this seat when my son was 2 years old (he is now 4). He actually picked it out because it didn't look like it was for a baby. It made him feel like a big boy sitting at the table without having a tray in front of him.  It is durable, easy to clean and small enough to put in a closet or kitchen cabinet when not in use.  I will definitely be using this again for my daughter when she is ready.

This is an excellent booster seat!  My cousin bought one for her daughter, so I decided to try it for mine.  Nice and comfy foam material that wipes clean very easily and is lightweight to travel with.  My 2 year old loves sitting at the table like a big girl now.  It brings her to a perfect level to eat at the table.  I have fabric padded kitchen chairs, so I keep a towel under the booster to keep food from ruining the chair fabric.  Highly recommended!!!

Our toddler never liked this product and hardly ever sat in it. It looked like a good solution to our home dining problem, but it didn't help us.

...My 3-year-old got it a year ago and likes the fact that he can move it from one chair to another by himself depending on where he's in the mood to sit.  And when you need all your chairs for adults it's a cinch to simply pick up and set aside without having to worry about how long it's going to take you to buckle in again later.  [Someone] suggested putting something between the booster and a wooden chair, but I think this would defeat the purpose of the non-slip surface and create a danger of a wiggly toddler sliding right out of the chair booster and all.  A better idea would be to remove the booster from the chair when not in use.  I'm online today to buy a second booster for our 2-year-old!

This is a great product for when your child refuses to sit in highchair or booster/traveling seat anymore.  We purchased this and it is great!  Sits the child right at table level same as mom and dad.  We got it for our son who just turned two and wants to be independent.  It's great.  It's alot of money but worth the cost, especially if you plan to have more than 1 child.  You won't be dissapointed!

This is a really great seat. My 3 yr old boy just loves sitting in it at the "big" table. He wouldn't give up his highchair for nothing but when we got this seat it was no going back. We got a pink one for his sister too, she's 16months and already interested in her big brothers seat. The only minor downside is that if you have a child that likes to pick at things or say bite they might put holes in it. It's a soft foam like seat. Very easy to keep clean A+

We currently own 3 of these.  The first cooshie seat came free with some stuff I ordered online when my daughter was 1 month old (4.5 yrs as of Oct. 04).  I put it away, as she was not going to use it before she could sit.  At age 1.5 she was having a hard time sitting through meals when using hard plastic booster seats, so I pulled it out.  She has been using it ever since.  We ended up with 3, one for home, one for my husband's car and one for mine, so that if we ate out, we had one.  My daughter has always been willing to sit still for long periods of time, coloring, etc... as long as the seat she is in is comfortable, so this made sense for us.  Over the last 3 years, two of our friends have borrowed one of ours and subsequently purchased one or two for their children.  Most of us have wood chairs, however they have fabric seats and wood backs.  None of us has had any damage to the wood finish.  None of the 6 boosters that we have between us and our friends have any missing chunks (as some have reported).  We have all owned them over a year, with ours being used the longest, around 3 years.  We were very sad to see that Baby's R Us store is no longer selling this seat, which is where we purchased our others and where our friends purchased theirs.  Their replacement version is from a different manufacturer and I did not like it, primarily because it was not cooshie, which to me, is the soft yet firm quality this seat.  I will purchase mine on-line until they reappear at a store where I can purchase a different color again.  In case you wonder why I am purchasing more... two friends in Canada have given me money to bring them back one on my next trip to the U.S. as they can't be found in Canada yet.

My kids love the cooshie booster.  Its stays secure without straps and is nice and soft for their little fannies.  The booster is easy to clean and is "stainless".  I highly recommend the Cooshie Booster.  We've had one for over 4 years now and bought our second when our second daughter was ready approximately 2 years ago.  Both are still in perfect condition.

That's what my daughter says to everyone that comes to our house.  She even wanted her big brothers to try it out.  I wish they had one in my size for sporting events!  It is nice and soft...not that hard plastic stuff and it stays just where you put it on the chair.  NO SLIPPING!! I absolutely love this booster and I'm sure you will too!

It does seem a bit overpriced but I have not found any other that matches all it's great qualities. My 2 & 4 year old love it and we have to take turns with the one we have. I really want to buy another although our local BabiesRUs stores are not carrying it anymore : (The seat is soft & comfortable unlike the hard plastic ones. It is lightweight, easy to clean since it is one piece with no cracks to collect crumbs, portable and doesn't fall off the chair. This booster is flat along the bottom. There is a similar one being sold now that looks very similar--we returned it immediately. That one is hard and the bottom is open and if it gets to the edge of the chair it will fall off.  We have recommended the cushie booster to several friends as well. I have no complaints either except that I can't find another one to buy! I agree with all the other positive reviews on this page and think that BabiesRUS should start selling this much sought after item againpp--PLEASE!

I love this portable booster.  I bought it for our 18 month old son and it makes meals so much more enjoyable.  Certainly feeding is more of a mess because he can spread it accross the table. :)  What is also nice is that it is portable, durable and sticks to all surfaces.  I was concerned the plastic one's would slip around too much..Highly reccommend this....

My 4 year old son just didn't fit at our new kitchen table and chairs.  We tried phone books, but they moved and ended up on the floor half the time.  We pulled out his old hard plastic booster seat but he was just too big for it. I purchased the Cooshie Booster and it is perfect!!!  He fits in it with lots of room (and he's a big kid), its not at all as small as the standard plastic booster seats and the super soft material really is great!  Awesome product that I highly recommend for bigger kids, since it does not secure onto the chair or have a seat belt, I won't use it for my 20 month old daughter.

I have a green one for my 5-yr-old, and she loves it.  Soft, easy to take off and put on (no straps), wipes clean (no nooks and crannies).  When my 2-year-old is 3 and a little more trustworthy about staying in his seat I'll get him one too.  For now he still needs his safety belt.

I was hesitant to buy this seat for my daughter (2 yrs old) since it didn't strap to a chair, but it got such great reviews I gave it a try.  It is perfect.  It doesn't slide around on the chair at all.  And the best part is she sits comfortably for long periods of time.  We now do a lot of cooking/baking while she sits in her chair and helps.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.

We love this booster. My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so. We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers. It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue. Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing. Your chair does need to be made of something to "grip" this chair, such as a wooden chair. I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work. It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expected.

I purchased this seat because my 22 month old son (who is big for his age) just didn't seem comfortable in the fold away hard plastic one we had.  He was always trying to slide down and wouldn't enjoy sitting in it.  This seat is just the opposite!  He sits in it great, he looks so much more comfortable and doesn't fuss to get out of it.  Plus, with no crazy straps all around, it is so handy to just put on and take off the chair.  I will admit, it may be a little pricey for what it actually is, but for me, it was well worth it!

Love this booster seat!  My independant 2 yr old would not use anything else until I found this seat. He was over the high chair and other boosters I tried quickly and wanted to be a big boy. We have had luck with this seat for 4 mos so far and is nice that there are no straps so he can change chairs at the table if he wants to. Easy to clean with no hidden crevices, etc. Definitely worth the little bit extra it costs.

I bought this booster after owning one of the hard plastic types that strap on to your chair.  That type caused scratches and nicks in my chairs.  I figured this one would be great because it was soft.  My son loves it, and it's easy to get in and out of, but it has ruined my chair!  I have solid oak chairs, and this seat has caused the finish on my chair to "melt" somehow.  I'm not sure if there is heat created when sitting on it, or how it has happened exactly, but the finish on my chair looks terrible.  I will have to buy seat covers for my chair after I'm finished using this booster.This cusion does not slip at all, and my 4 year old has enjoyed sitting in it for over a year now.  It has held up, without any damage or signs of wear and tear.  It wipes clean very easily, and it's very portable.I think it's a great booster, except for the fact that the suction has ruined the finish of my wooden chairs.....

This is a GREAT BUY if your toddler has outgrown their high-chair and wants to sit at the "big person's table". It's soft, easy to clean, portable, and durable. The only drawback is the price - try to get it around $30 or so and you'll be in good shape.Want to see a VIDEO review? Check out our YouTube review at the link below (just copy/paste the link into your address bar) or go to YouTube and search for "Cooshie + HelpfulDad". God Bless.[...]

At first I thought $29.99 was a little pricey for a foam/rubber booster chair, but I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best.  We had a rambunctious almost two year old that was a squirmer in his highchair.  After it arrived he was so proud to be able to sit at the table in a "big boy" chair and eat with us, it immediately changed the way we ate as a family (in a good way). Within a week or so the highchair was rounded up and sent off to another family that needed one - and we never looked back.That was almost two years ago and he still uses his booster every day.  He can sit in the chair without one, but he is so much more comfortable with his booster.  It also allows him to sit much higher in the chair which is great.  It's also very easy to throw in the trunk for quick trips to grandma's.In the end this was one of those "successful" purchases (vs. the purchases where you buy those miracle devices that end up in the closet).If you are looking for a booster seat - consider your search over.

let me start by saying I have twins that are 2.5.I have never written a review before and I wanted to do so for this item.  I was reluctant to purchase a Cooshie due to the cost and purchased the hard plastic ones from Wal-mart instead.  The hard plastic ones were leaving small bruises on my girls' backs right along their spine from leaning back into the hard seat.  They also will rub the finish off of the seats of your hard wood chairs without putting something under them.  Also the hard plastic ones are hard to clean and difficult to remove from the seats to clean under them, because crumbs will get under it and in it and around it.  The cooshie is light enough that my girls can carry it around them selves and they love to sit in them to watch TV.  I love the ease of being able to move the seats without unstrapping them in case we need the extra adult space. Mine came with carry bags so we can take them with us to a restaurant and not have to use the germ infested seats there.Cooshie seats are well worth the money.  I plan to use ours for several years to come. They are also a breeze to clean!

This booster seat is great. Kiddo can climb onto the chair without fear of slippage. Comfy and spills wipe right off. Very solid and has a great grip.

Nice product. My 2 year old likes this booster seat. Side and back rails seems to be a little low, but that might make the booster too bulky. As it is, it feels a little on the bulky side already. Nice support on the seat and grips firmly on chairs. Very good product overall.

This is a fantastic, portable, washable booster seat.  The only problem is when a child is in it, they cannot sit flush against the back of the chair...which causes them sometimes to lay back away from the table.  It would be great to find a booster seat that is open on the ends but has sides.

I have purchased three of these in the past and am now about to purchase my fourth.  I am buying it because it is the best thing on the market for toddlers to preschoolers who aren't quite big enough to reach the kitchen table yet.  It is comfortable, sits securely on the chair and is about the right height for kids 18-24 months and up.That being said, it does have a few flaws. The first is that the sides tend to break and rip causing a big mess (and an ugly booster) over time.  It's still functional, but rather unsightly. I'm buying a new one now simply because I can't stand looking at it any more.The second flaw is that the foam used seems to react with the finish of my wooden kitchen chairs.  Over time it has stripped the finish off all the areas that it sits on.  For that reason,  I would not recommend it for frequent use on fine wooden furniture...

