Cluster 0_pos:
1. Holds things inplace, and very easy to use
2. Easy to use and racheting works good
3. Easy to snap in and take out
4. Easy to install, has worked well so far
5. It is easy to use and stays in place without damage
6. It is really easy to adjust and move around
7. It was very easy to install (old lady here) and it works very nicely
8. Easy to use, stays locked tight

Cluster 0_neg:

Cluster 1_pos:
1. Use the savings for gasoline (this 65 yr
2. Super value
3. It's one of those you get what you pay for
4. a good value for the cost
5. Would buy again!
6. The price is right too
7. This solved the problem immediately, and at reasonable cost
8. I'd buy it again
9. Outstanding price
10. definitely worth the price

Cluster 1_neg:

Cluster 2_pos:
1. When you hold it up to crank it tight, the bar is awkward to hold because it is off balance
2. This bar is easy to adjust and the ratcheting feature lets you tighten it down perfectly
3. I wanted a strong ratchet type bar and this is exactly it
4. The bar rattles some while traveling at higher speeds
5. The rattling comes from the center of the bar where the ratchet is as the bar has some &#34;give and take&#34; where one slides into the other

Cluster 2_neg:
1. When the ratchet is extended, the mechanism for that ends up out of arms reach when standing outside the truck
2. The ratchet mechanism is right in the middle of the bar instead of off center
3. When I went to tighten then ratchet down to lock, the bar would buckle a bit and jump a detent on the ratchet bar

Cluster 3_pos:
1. You have to make sure you don't ratchet this thing down too hard, if you do, you will regret that last click
2. Just a wee bit tricky to learn to operate at first, blame instructions on one word, instead of saying "rotate" should say "pull over" for the lever, engage last black notch (so easy to miss), then adjust length to short or long quickly
3. The only thing I find a little difficult is releasing it from the secured position
4. The result was an incessant flopping back and forth - totally unacceptable
5. Seems like it will do the job, but when I extended it in my F150, it felt real flimsy at the ratchet point
6. Had this a long time now, catching up on Amazon reviewing, no loosening up of ratchet over time, does just what you would want it to
7. just need to learn to use it efficiently in the beginning and it works great !  recommend it for the price, does the job but takes just a bit to learn the ropes with the little ratchet release
8. Although it does get the eventually done, it is a bit clumsy and hard to learn at first
9. If you are in a hurry it may slow you down or even give you a pinch (or two)

Cluster 3_neg:
1. When it is tightened it just pops off the gear and will not create enough tension to hold in place
2. will not get tight enough to hold, I ratchet down as far as i can and it still will not hole very good
3. This bar is pretty flimsy and difficult to release it will not hold anything stable that has any weight to it

Cluster 4_pos:
1. if I was the designer of this tool, I would have tried to figure out a way to put the ratchet in the middle of the bar
2. Ok, I was using a twist version of cargo bar that I did not like because it was a little cumbersome to put in
3. When I went to place this cargo bar, I could not get it tight using the ratchet at the end of the handle sweep
4. After placing in position I found it was not as sturdy as the rotating bar I was using, but went ahead and left the Ratcheting bar in place
5. Update 05/22/13: OK been using for a while now, and find it is suffice to hold a good size tool box on wheels in place at the front of the box
6. But with this Ratchet Cargo Bar, I can still through things, but I can now through them in the right place
7. Angling probably would fix that - some bars probably have a cross bar for this - something to think about
8. Even though I havent used this on my truckbed ive used it for military cargo going halfway around the world
9. After the cargo arrived I opened up the unit and lone behold its still right where I left it
10. This is  the first ratcheting cargo bar that I have had and I recomend it highly very easy to adjust and the ratchet action makes it very easy to use

Cluster 4_neg:
1. I just received 2 ratcheting cargo bars and I am just as quickly returning them back to Amazon
2. I was disappointed in the bar diameter and overall durability

Cluster 5_pos:
1. The only reason for 4 stars was it does seem a little bit cheap in the material it's made out of but for the price it's great and hopefully it doesn't rust
2. My husband asked for a similar item as a gift but I wanted to see reviews so I shopped Amazon
3. Sometimes you can get more for less; so, if you want a for-real genuine bargin, don't waste money on more expensive ones that do exactly the same thing and just aren't any better, get this baby
4. Thanks Amazon! It was actually cheaper to purchase through USA & US Post & taxes than to buy the same one from a store in Canada
5. Really, I couldn't ask for anything more, especially for the low price!  I may buy a second one
6. It expands to 70 inches where as other products costing twice as much do not have this range and capacity
7. If you have a pick up truck,this item is a must, they are extremely durable, and I like the fact that it really stretches out there
8. You can tell by the feel and weight that it's cheap, but it does what it's suppose to
9. When extended to the width of a full-size bed, the bar's strength is greatly reduced

Cluster 5_neg:
1. We returned the item and paid more for a better made product he found in a store
2. I bought this, and it will not stay where I put it, and Im only out about a foot, keeps "popping" out! Thank God for Amazon return policy!
3. Waste of time and money! If the mech was closer to one side this would be a great product!
4. This is the most worthless item I believe I have ever purchased from Amazon, or anywhere else in many years
5. Didn't look, but probably made in China or some other third world country to specs designed by someone with a GED
6. Missing a screw at one end now I have to go to store and find one to fit! Packing should have been better
7. You would be better off avoiding the purchase of this piece of junk

Cluster 6_pos:
1. So petty, I know
2. Just what I was looking for
3. I ordered two
4. I would recommend
5. The KargoBar does exactly what I wanted
6. now I need a topper!

Cluster 6_neg:
1. Won't work for what I had in mind for it

Cluster 7_pos:
1. I have a 2007 Tacoma that I broke the tailgate on, so as a temporary repair I got a tailgate net and one of these bars to help prevent bed flex and also for when there was stuff in the bed
2. This was an early Fathers Day gift for my husband, and he couldn't be happier! Easy to use, love the ratchet instead of a twist and lock,held the load in the truck without shifting when we went camping (literally 40 miles of bad road), good pads on ends so truck bed is protected
3. It's worth the money paid and I love it because it hold the item loaded in the rear in my truck bed
4. This cargo bar can hold back anything I put in the bed of my truck with no problem, it is sturdy and easy to use
5. I ordered it and when I got it, I felt it was cheaply made and would probably work better in a small truck rather than a full size truck like mine
6. So far, no "pinches", either; perhaps I was forewarned by the misadventures of others, but I'm nevertheless cautious!  It grips tightly, and doesn't slip; it packs up to a small, manageable size; what's not to like?  BTW, I'm using this to hold up the folded rear seat of our '13 2-Dr Jeep Wrangler
7. This seems well built but my only complaint is that It doesn't seem to have the exact right adjustment for a tight fit in the bed of my pickup (almost like the size is between two clicks)
8. Been a great cargo bar, I use it for holding plastic bins in place in the bed of my truck and so far it has worked great and has never budged unless I have removed it intentionally
9. Sideways movement - yes it held my cargo up against the wall of the truck bed but, the box slid from side to side - I didn't think to angle it or anything
10. I bought this cargo bar in a hurry to keep our coolers and gas cans in place during our 800 mile death valley off road adventure

Cluster 7_neg:
1. The product was literally "Made in Taiwan", need I say more?  It is flimsy when extended to fit a regular size truck bed (F-150 crew)
2. The &#34;feet&#34; on this bar slides off the truck bed sides and makes it worthless
3. You lock it in place and hit a bump with the truck and it slips back two or three teeth and drops to the bottom of the truck bed
4. I have a full size truck and when the bar is extended to fit the truck bed it is flimzy and weak the ratchet is also a weak point

Cluster 8_pos:
1. This one had one of the best reviews and so far it doing the job
2. I bought a more expensive one and returned it
3. It has worked well since being put in place
4. I have been using it and it works very well
5. that was all it took, I liked it so well I ordered two of them
6. His was a few years old, mine had a little better design improvement(racheting handle)
7. This was more sturdy and fit my needs better
8. I was expecting something more sturdy
9. I received it fast, works as advertised
10. I should've had one these years ago
11. I have been using this for almost a year now and it works great
12. Arrived as promissed and in good condition, performs as advertised and fits my need as was hoped for

Cluster 8_neg:

Cluster 9_pos:
1. Much needed tool for anyone that has a truck
2. Easy to place in the truck and easy to remove
3. This is a must have for pickup truck owners
4. Great for keeping the ice chest at the back of the truck

Cluster 9_neg:
1. So, every time I want to use this I need to get in the back of the truck
2. i geass its good for truck only because its metel internal

Cluster 10_pos:
1. Tightened down a bit and it was secure
2. One high, one low
3. It,however,is a low cost,durable multi use product
4. It's a bit tricky to get used too
5. One is broken
6. It was okay, but cumbersome
7. A little on the flimsy side
8. A bit weak but the price is cheap

Cluster 10_neg:
1. It's useless now
2. This product is trash
3. This item was horrible

Cluster 11_pos:
1. Good Cargo Bar
2. The cargo bar is great
3. I highly recommend this Cargo Keeper Bar
4. Nice cargo bar for the price
5. I thought this cargo bar would be easier to place in a lot let time
6. I do not recommend this cargo bar
7. If you want a quality, heavy duty cargo bar at a good price, this is it
8. Someone recommended a cargo bar and I bought this one
9. I'm fairly pleased with this cargo bar
10. This cargo bar is well made and capable of holding almost any size/weight load in place

Cluster 11_neg:
1. I was looking for a sturdy, quality made cargo restraint bar and this is not it
2. I would recommend trying a different cargo bar
3. I would recommend you keep looking for a sturdier cargo bar

Cluster 12_pos:
1. The ratchet mechanism works better than the screw or collet designs
2. The ratcheting lever works exactly the same as those found on cargo straps
3. Quality of manufacture is excellent, it's very strong and the mechanism operates smoothly
4. The ratcheting system appears solid, is easy to operate, and operates smoothly
5. The ratchet part works great
6. This thing is heavy duty and works excellent
7. The ratchet part is very well made
8. The quality is there,  and the ratchet works very well
9. Fit great into my S10 and secures very well using the ratchet mechanism
10. However, it is a bit heavy and the ratchet engage/release could be easier to operate
11. Product is just as described, works just like a ratchet strap

Cluster 12_neg:
1. This looks like a high quality cargo bar, but on the 2nd use, the ratcheting function broke

Cluster 13_pos:
1. Ratchet mechanism took all of 30 seconds to figure out
2. I purchase this item several weeks ago and it works as advertised
3. Without lubrication it still works flawlessly after a couple months of use
4. I had a need for one of these one day and my brother-in-law said I could use his
5. It did slip once while I was adjusting last click
6. I have already pinched my fingers in it several times and have only owned it for about 3 weeks
7. It is to late to get a replacement
8. I didn't open the box until I needed them
9. I had to return one already because it broke
10. Just as I expected it held in place the entire trip and it got abused
11. It took me a few tries to get it to open correctly
12. After using it for a month or so I lost it (don't ask) and came back to buy another one

Cluster 13_neg:
1. I would have returned it, but it took me a month  before trying it out
2. Back in the box and the return process started within 15 min of receiving it

Cluster 14_pos:
1. Used this in my 2005 Tundra for a few months
2. Great for my F-150 4x4, holds well off-road in tough terrain
3. Bought this to use in the back of my Chevy Silverado
4. It works great on my Ford Ranger pickup
5. I have a Ford F150
6. I've been happy with it in my F350 crew cab
7. I've used this several times over three months on a 2013 Chevy Avalanche and it works extremely well
8. This bar fits my Dodge Ram 1500 fine and seems to have plenty of strength
9. It works well on my '07 Tacoma
10. I drive a 2012 Ford F-250 Super Duty
11. This product works very well and stores behind the seat of my Chevy Colorado pickup
12. It fits fine on my 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab

Cluster 14_neg:

Cluster 15_pos:
1. This device works well, especially on narrower truck beds
2. This expandable bar is intended to secure cargo in a pick-up truck bed
3. Holds things very securely in the bed of the truck
4. 5' F150 truck bed perfectly
5. It secures loads in the bed of my Toyota truck (with plastic bedliner
6. Perfect for keeping stuff from sliding around the bed of a truck during normal driving
7. Worked well in my truck bed with bedliner and camper shell

Cluster 15_neg:

Cluster 16_pos:
1. Might break a weld on the inside of your bed
2. I can't comment on how it stands up to weather, as my bed is covered
3. I have a bed cover on and it makes it easier to carry stuff from the store without having the stuff slide forward
4. easy to adjust and puts enough tension on the sides of the bed to keep your stuff back at the tailgate where you can get to it
5. This item is a bit flimsy, the ratchet isn't quite as easy to use as expected, tends to slip on the bed wall
6. It's easy to set up, easy to remove and adds a great measure of safety to moving gas cans as they can't flop around in the bed
7. This also has a secondary use--you can use it to reach to the area closest the back window to drag stuff to the tailgate area saving yourself climbing into the bed
8. Spreads and retracts easily but has a tendency to slide on plastic bed liner
9. I use two of these to surround anything I place in the pickup bed to keep stuff from sliding out of the pickup

Cluster 16_neg:
1. Guess where it ends up when you try to use it? In the middle of the bed

Cluster 17_pos:
1. I even use it to secure a line of grocery bags on the ride home from the market
2. Just made the move to a pick up truck from a more car like vehicle and was having a bit of trouble getting the groceries home
3. It's a little bit on the flimsy side, but I does section your truck bed out to help keep your groceries from not rolling around back there

Cluster 17_neg:
1. it might work in a mini truck to keep shopping bags in place but thats about it

Cluster 18_pos:
1. Cannot believe that there are actually some poor reviews
2. If I had to think of a weakness
3. only had the for short time but I do like them
4. I can see the "risk" of pinching is there but that's never been an issue for me
5. No regrets from me on this purchase
6. Perfect for my needs -- I was a little concerned by the "pinching" reviews, but I had no problems in that regards
7. I have had no problems with it
8. It has not failed me yet
9. Never had a problem with it slipping or not unlocking or anything
10. ) It is easy to use and I had no problem setting it up the first time I needed it
11. Have had no problems at all
12. It works as intended - one thing I didn't think about and am not sure if other bars do this
13. I haven't had any problems with it, but it's a little difficult to get it to release some times

Cluster 18_neg:
1. It was unable to stay in the locked position even with no stress being placed on it

Cluster 19_pos:
1. very nice
2. good  quality
3. Great product, works real well
4. The one works ok
5. This is much better
6. This is great
7. This one works great every time
8. Other than that, it works perfectly
9. work great
10. This seems to work fine so far

Cluster 19_neg:

Cluster 20_pos:
1. Bob
2. driver's curse)
3. Enjoy
4. K
5. ,
6. LOL
7. keep looking
8. A+++++++++++++
9. Thanks

Cluster 20_neg:

Cluster 21_pos:
1. I wish I had bought one of these for my truck years ago!  No more cargo rolling around in the truck's bed!
2. I bought two of these and use them to support my slide-out on my Lance truck camper when extended
3. I bought this for a trip this past summer to keep things from moving in the back of the pickup and worked great
4. If you are like me, I just through items in the back of my truck and hope they are still there wherever I'm going
5. I often travel with a slide in camper on my pickup and when at a campground, take the camper off
6. I bought this and the stabilizer bar to keep my cooler(s) from trashing my truck bed

Cluster 21_neg:
1. I bought this item to keep things from rattling around in the back of my F350
2. I received the cargo bar and installed on my truck
3. I was buying for my jeep cherokee for when I lower the back seat for storage

Cluster 22_pos:
1. It is no more hazardous to fingers than any of the many tools that have pinching hazards
2. It is ok for what it's intended to do, which is be a lightweight cargo divider
3. Of course once you know how to use it, does not mean others can, makes it difficult to quickly steal compare to others I've seen on friend's trucks
4. When not in use, it fits behind my seat in the regular cab (unfortunately always stuffed) without stealing any space
5. Not heavy duty, but does secure almost anything that you use on a daily basis
6. No slipping or loosening has occurred in the 5,000 miles with this product
7. It may function to restrain small light items but not much more
8. as would any extender be on any pickup but extenders don't give the ability to draw whatever you're hauling tight to the tailgate
9. For whatever reason, MOPAR did not provide a latch of any sort to hold the back seat up, out of the way, when folded
10. If your moving anything heavy don't count on this bar
11. I quests your fingers could get caught if you were not paying attention, but you could get hit by a bus for the same reason
12. These cargo bars fit it perfectly - no complaints with the quality or operation after a winter of holding cargo
13. I'll have to give it a good try to see if it's sturdy enough to hold a load without sliding around, but I'm not sure
14. You can secure this and know for sure that your cargo is not moving
15. Its as simple if not easier than a cargo strap being no straps

Cluster 22_neg:
1. I would not trust this cargo bar for any cargo in my truck bed
2. Cargo bar will not tighten tight enough to hold its self up let alone holding cargo
3. the bar would never hold back any type of weight in a full size truck

Cluster 23_pos:
1. Highly recommend
2. The item was shipped and received as promised, good packaging
3. overall very happy with product and service
4. Highly recommend this product
5. Very high quality item
6. The shipping speed was terrific and the product was awesome thank you very much!!see you soon!
7. Also the finish seems to be good quality
8. A good buy for the moned, strong, adjusts easy aand seem of good quality
9. Very useful and dependable
10. Great Product and seller
11. Overall great product and fast shipping
12. It is made of good quality material and workmanship

Cluster 23_neg:

Cluster 24_pos:
1. The ratchet increments are wide enough that you may need to test where along the the bed wall the bar can be most effectively tightened
2. The only con I have is the rubber pads on the ends are too hard and you just can't that last click to get it tight enough to stay in place
3. I like these bars they are easy to use and stay in place, with the rubber encased feet the hold wherever you install them, they will extend to full width of bed or retract to between wheel wells
4. At full extension needed for my bed, there's a little bend in the bar but it still holds firmly on my Rhino lined bed walls
5. I suspect a slippery plastic bed wall would require more pressure to hold firmly and thus not work as well thus the comments of needing a finer ratchet to make that little bit more extension
6. Used to have one of the ones that used threaded rod to unscrew to put the tension on and it took forever to get right and didn't seem to hold as well
7. I would imagine engineers could insert some plastic or matting inside the sleeve as cushioning to prevent the rattling, but maybe this is asking too much for a cargo bar
8. The ratcheting mechanism is very rough and requires some sort of ritual sacrifice in order to make it work properly
9. The ratchet on the tightening mechanism is too coarse (needs to be finer) and consequently, in order to tighten it beyond initial contact you stand the chance of bending the sheet metal in the side walls
10. Also - don't get your fingers pinched in the ratcheting mechanism - I can easily see that happening

Cluster 24_neg:

Cluster 25_pos:
1. Doesn't get excessively tight in my truck (thus the 4 stars)
2. Seems to be built very well too
3. Careful of those fingers as they can get smashed!
4. After 200 miles of driving, bumpy roads, hills, ext
5. it is still in place and working
6. It will work, but not as tight as the turn stile
7. Pretty handy, It's not very sturdy
8. Stays in place very well
9. Keeps items from moving around and holds them steady
10. Keeps my load in place
11. It fits my 6
12. Once secured in place it stays there
13. They work just as described
14. Has held 125# generator in place from Texas to DC and back
15. Just crank down on it
16. That leaves me without a tailgate
17. My cargo held tight

Cluster 25_neg:
1. Will not hold in place
2. Ratchet unit slips when you put a load on it
3. The device is not worth it
4. Keeper 05059 Ratcheting Cargo BarSorry  Will S

Cluster 26_pos:
1. I received the order promptly but the ratcheting device did not function as well as I had expected
2. So no slipping would occur so long as the ratchet holds
3. My only possible complaint is the ratcheting mechanism is, well, pinchy

Cluster 26_neg:
1. The product is cheaply made and would not stay locked in place on the desired adjustment
2. The ratcheting mechanism does not stay securely even when the ratchet is locked
3. The ratcheting mechanism slips when it is torqued enough to stay in place
4. The locking mechanism simply would not hold

Cluster 27_pos:
1. Fits in any location and allows you to store equipment securely
2. Good construction, use it as a cargo separator under my tonneau cover
3. This thing was a steal for $25 and free shipping
4. It is of high quality and held my cargo in the bed of my truck from Colorado to Southern California
5. Instructions are too often written by professors of design engineering
6. A bit of screwing around and you'll master it
7. I'm not really well off so I'm careful with my money
8. The bar feels solid
9. I don't know how good this product will be on holding back heavy items, but it works well on garden flowers they all stead in place with this bar
10. I would absolutely recommend this product for anyone who wants to keep things in one spot in their bed or for anyone who doesn't have a tailgate
11. the shipping time was less than expected
12. I'm curious about how the folks who gave bad reviews are using this product
13. You will be impressed at the bracing strenght of one of these Keeper Cargo bars
14. I hold my tool chess in place in the front of our truck bed
15. I must note that I have a bed rug, and topper
16. I would be on the fence to recommend this product
17. I would recommend this product, it does what it says, bounced to 4 star
18. I needed something more heavy duty so I returned it and ordered the Heininger 4016 HitchMate Cargo Stabilizer Bar for Full-Size Trucks
19. It's great for short trips where you don't want something sliding around too much
20. I used to use a bed extender on a Honda Ridgeline and it was O
21. This neat little device  works great to secure load while in the back of PU trucks
22. In my opinion a good value as well
23. Great item , best one I have ever used
24. I just love shopping at Amazon,because they have so many great merchants
25. It even held our new washer in place when I brought it home
26. My advice is to just be careful or wear gloves while adjusting it
27. Open your box ASAP
28. This, to quote a phrase, is "more better"!
29. I have a screw type one and it is a pain
30. Performs exactly as expected
31. My only suggestion is to modify it to keep it from rattling
32. I may devise a way myself to rid the rattling
33. This is only a minor issue and it still is a great product
34. If you want to secure your groceries in the family SUV, your all set
35. Don't understand some other reviews stating problem with catching fingers in ratchet
36. I've had several different types of cargo retaining mechanisms, but this one works
37. Stuff sliding all over the place and getting difficult to get out
38. Even held steady my load of bags of soil from the depot Glad to have it
39. If you are looking for a heavy duty piece of equipment
40. BUT, if you are looking for something practical, lightweight and simple this may be a good choice
41. My Ranger has one of those useless and unattractive narrow beds
42. Just received it for Christmas
43. Compared to one my dad has in his Tundra, this one feels weak
44. The bar is easy to adjust and with the rubber feet stays firmly in place
45. It provides a sturdy anchor for my cargo bed contents and will hold a mower right where you want it
46. Lets hope this second one lives up to it's potential
47. Keeps it from sliding around and breaking my fishing rods :-)
48. Lots of bumps and jumps and still works like a champ
49. I`ve owned cargo bars in the past but they were threaded and difficult to extend constently
50. What can I say just a perfect design works excellent
51. So it's sturdy enough to take a beating
52. After reading many reviews, I opted for the screw-type bar and am glad I did
53. Excellent deal!!  Would buy more if needed more

Cluster 27_neg:
1. My husband ordered this to keep his ice chest from sliding in the back of his work truck (full-size Chevrolet)
2. I am just about 6 feet tall and I can't reach the ratchet standing on the side of the truck
3. Defective ratchet
4. Perhaps I just got a lemon
5. i tok this item to my SUV, its defict the plastic internal
6. Ends were open
7. Thank goodness for the Amazon return policy
8. Could only achieve tension to hold bar in place in certain spots
9. Which would in my opinon make this system useless for my needs
10. (No staying-put power)I will try the twist type system next
11. New Hampshire

Cluster 28_pos:
1. I would buy this again
2. I would absolutely purchase again
3. I would recommend them to a friend
4. It fit my pick-up very well and I would recommend this product
5. would recommend it to friends  it is  great
6. I am happy with my purchase for sure
7. I am very pleased with them, and I recommend them highly
8. I would highly recommend this to anybody
9. So please get familiar with it before you need it

Cluster 28_neg:
1. I might be able to find something it will work with

Cluster 29_pos:
1. Works fine install took maybe 1 minute, and it stays in place
2. I found I had to rotate the handle about straight out, then give it one or two more clicks
3. for sure!  I used to have one of these bars that had to be twisted to make do
4. With just a bit of experimenting, I got the hang of it - installing and uninstalling - quickly
5. I saw a strap advertised for the same purpose, but couldn't figure how - or to what - it might attach
6. I wouldn't really use it to support anything heavy but to keep stuff from rolling around, it's great!
7. Its lighter and quicker and easier to install and move
8. So EZ even a cavemen can use it!Ok, he might have a few cuts while trying!!

Cluster 29_neg:
1. I tried to install it in several locations and it would just pop off
2. I prefer those used on semi's as they can handle more weight
