Cluster 0_pos:
1. comfortable in your hand but i was surprised how well the ink comes out and write, for dirt cheap pens I love the way they look and feel
2. I personally don't mind  using them, I live with a few people in my house and my pens tend to get lost  quite often
3. BIC pens are pretty reliable for taking orders and are cheap enough they don't mind putting them down with credit card receipts
4. Great cheap item so far every pen i have used has worked first try i would recommend buy this alot of pen for a great cheap price
5. I will note that when the company changed the manufacturing location, to save money I presume, I certainly did not see the price of these things, cheap though they  may be, going down any, for us, the consumer
6. these bic pens are great pens which come in a neatly designed box i use these pens in my business for customers to sign their receipts and work orders they last and work well
7. People lose pens all the time and these are so inexpensive that I don't feel bad constantly giving out new ones like I have to do anyway
8. These are your basic every day pens that are so darn cheap you don't much care when they grow their legs and disappear on you
9. I manage a small business and have a great need of pens, to save money I was buying cheap pens but luckily got these
10. For the price and all I wasn't expecting much but these pens work great right out of the box
11. Comfortable to write with and priced cheap enough that losing them isn't too much of a bummer

Cluster 0_neg:
1. Gets two stars because they're cheap and you could leave them out at a business and people wouldn't be very tempted to take them home

Cluster 1_pos:
1. i use these for ccdw classes and havent had a problem yet
2. Bic never disappoints!! As I've stated before I am a college student and I don't have time to be running out of things so bulk is better for me and Bic has never disappointed me
3. Well, after losing money on pens that I bought in the 12pk and handed out but were never returned, I began to use my head instead of my purse
4. which often happens, I am not out a lot of money and they are less likely to steal them as they do not really look all that cool nor do they have a lot of whistles and bells on them
5. Like another reviewer here, I am not all that happy about these not being manufactured in this country anymore and think it is a shame
6. Excellent product, quality, nice-looking and i dont have any bad comment for this product, it just what I was looking for
7. I obviously have not tested all 60 of them, but all the ones I have used so far have made nice, smooth, even lines
8. Can't go wrong with these!  Love these ball point pens, they work great, never have any issues, and for the price it is amazing
9. i have not had the chance to use these pens yet but i am sure i will not be disappointed
10. There's not much to say about these, they're pens, right?  They last quite a while, they store well, and I like how they write
11. I can loan them out and if they don't come back to me I am not out alot of money
12. cant beat this price for these pins! I go through a lot of pins at work and these have never been an issue for me
13. I have not had any "duds" as you get sometimes with generic brands

Cluster 1_neg:
1. I bought these to write notes on Christmas cards but did not like them
2. Gooeydoo Books never filled this order: I AM STILL WAITING FOR A CREDIT/REFUND TO MY ACCOUNT
3. Meanwhile, I would eschew any dealings with this vendor: They do NOT respond to e-mails! I am surprised AMAZON uses them

Cluster 2_pos:
1. A bic cheapie is just that
2. Turns out that they also write well
3. They work and does its job
4. actually several reasons
5. Second, they actually write
6. but that is for another review)
7. Anyway, they write smoothly and get the job done
8. They do what they were meant to do
9. They write well
10. We will order again
11. It also writes like a BIC
12. They write the same as always, too
13. They didn't have them
14. They do actually write every time for me

Cluster 2_neg:
1. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't

Cluster 3_pos:
1. These pens are durable, always ready, light, beautiful, at this price it's crazy!!
2. The price for these pens can't be beat
3. First they are quite inexpensive
4. So many pens at such a good price
5. Good pens and the price is right
6. They are very functional for the price
7. The price was very reasonable, and the pens work well
8. Good price for the amount of pens you're buying
9. Lots of pens for very cheap
10. They're cheap pens and they write

Cluster 3_neg:
1. Cheap is cheap

Cluster 4_pos:
1. Recommended
2. Awesome
3. held up well
4. Otherwise, they're perfect!
5. word
6. Go get it!
7. Completeley recommended
8. they explode!

Cluster 4_neg:
1. Ann

Cluster 5_pos:
1. Great deal on a lot of ink pens
2. Hands down, best product for this kind of money, I was tired of never finding pens, so I bought three boxes of these
3. I'm a happy man
4. Use em far more often than I use my Parkers (which I also love)
5. Great value!  Price is hard to beat
6. Pen works well
7. Prices seem to vary on this product, so I'd suggest browsing through the various sizes/colors to find the current best deal
8. Bic are my favorite pens, as they write despite the weather or time stored
9. Even the Africans ask for these by name
10. Arrived promptly and as described
11. 60 for $5
12. Now, I'm not as concerned with whether, or not, I get the pens back because replacing them doesn't cost me an arm and a leg
13. These are decent quality and an awesome price
14. I think they have legs and just run away after awhile
15. Good quality pen at the right price!
16. I find the medium size is bold enough to see without being in optimum light
17. The cost of each pen is great, I don't mind lending these to someone that needs one
18. Not the smoothest pen, nor the most comfortable to hold, but if you can get this at less than a dime per pen, it's a great value
19. There of course is a reason for this
20. Third they are available anywhere
21. "  Ha
22. Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
23. These BICs have superb action
24. I bought a couple of these for my smaller ambulance corp and they work great
25. They last pretty long for the harsh use they go through, the ink doesn't wash off with rain or water, and they even seem to write well in harsh conditions
26. I gave these to friends in a Nursing Home to write their life stories in!  Those who are writing their stories are having a good time remimicing
27. WE don't use expensive pens because they walk away
28. They won't win any beauty contests, but they do put ink on paper, and they do it cheaply
29. Other than that, these are perfectly adequate and the price really can't be beat
30. Pens just seem to appear &#34;cheap
31. &#34;  You get items for the price you pay
32. (one being not having working pen handy when needed) This product has solved that problem
33. Okay lets be serious now
34. Everyday pens for everyday people
35. BIC lives up to their expectation - their slogan is &#34;writes the first time, every time&#34;
36. very true
37. America's favorite pen sold in the HUGE pack!  Great for that office or desk that can never seem to find a pen (like mine)
38. Purchased on Nov
39. 29th 2012
40. They are contemporary looking and light
41. Rate this: Hot
42. Pens worked fine
43. Grade: B, or Four Stars!
44. Go Bic Go
45. These fill the bill nicely
46. These are just basic pens, nothing special
47. If you want something that looks darker or prettier, find something else
48. These guys are just what I need and the work great
49. I've had more expensive pens that just stop working
50. I think my cat is stealing them
51. I got these for a steal on Amazon sometime after Thanksgiving
52. This ten pack is a great value
53. Pens write well and are a good value
54. Very good pens, inexpensive, BIC quality, perfect for office or school, long lasting (takes one and a half lifes to run out of ink)
55. bic is a name to trust
56. It still feels about the same as the old barrels
57. Went back
58. Don't tape them to spoons
59. That ish is tackyOh, and Gloria will chew the pen caps off no matter what
60. gross
61. This was an essential classroom item because I am always losing pens! Great buy!
62. These pens will rock your socks
63. Should've bought post-it notes with them
64. Great pens
65. These pens are kind of my standard dependable pens
66. 10/pen, these are absolutely a steal
67. Good stuff
68. Definitely recommended if you have cashiers at work who chew through pens at an astonishing rate
69. Enough for at least 2 years! Smooth and durable

Cluster 5_neg:
1. I am bummed I have a lot of them
2. The picture on the box was not what I received
3. The ink is very scant and light colored
4. Just goto walmart
5. The package contained 10 pens
6. Nothing like writing out a character and looking at it and realizing that half the lines didn't make a mark
7. Very frustrating to use
8. These pens are miserable
9. I see a lot of positive reviews listing them as "cheap" and that's one thing I agree with
10. They seem to dry/clog up instantly, and it is impossible to maintain a train of thought with there constant ineptitude, grinding the gears to a halt

Cluster 6_pos:
1. They will always write on the paper! I can't tell you how many pens I've got that didn't write on the paper
2. I used them at work and they almost always worked
3. I use these pens all the time, so I am used to how they write
4. i always use bic pens because i know they will work
5. These BICs are my favorite pens to use, even if they aren't too fancy
6. I needed pens for work as mine are always being stolen
7. I love these pens: I can pull a pen out of my pocket, and have it work

Cluster 6_neg:

Cluster 7_pos:
1. I have to buy a bunch of these for the office since they keep disappearing
2. My employees like them so I think I will continue to buy them
3. I have found that even I have trouble loosing these things if I buy them a dozen at a time
4. but what are you going to do?  I guess it is worth it if we can make the fat cats fatter
5. It's true! What else could cause them to disappear? I think they're forming a colony somewhere in the house, I just hope they don't make a move to take over
6. I keep losing them though, which makes me have to keep buying more
7. Overall, I love these, and I will probably buy a million more of them in my lifetime
8. But, I think the pen would benefit a lot more if they added a grip to it
9. Warning: if you have a ton of pens, people will just steal them quicker
10. I somehow managed to lose them all lol

Cluster 7_neg:

Cluster 8_pos:
1. I got them at $4
2. I'm glad I found them
3. Perhaps, they just can't take the owner!Anyway, I got these in bulk
4. However, I noticed that they're now made in Mexico
5. I never know
6. I forgot my pen
7. I couldn't ask for more!
8. Bringing me joy where there once was stress, thank you!
9. Luckily I did
10. Wish they came in green, too
11. I recommend them
12. I like it a lot
13. Everyone in my office like it

Cluster 8_neg:
1. I ended up throwing out
2. I threw them away

Cluster 9_pos:
1. Your basic pen in a high enough quantity that you don't mind if a few dozen go missing
2. What can one say about these pens? They're about the most basic pens imaginable
3. These pens write cleanly, smoothly, are a joy to use,  and getting so many for such a decent price,  is such a gift, thank you so much for this product
4. Even if you lost a pen every few days there's enough here to keep you happy for a while
5. They write well enough for daily needs and if your work environment is anything like mine you'll start to find your lost pens all over the place
6. Lots of pens that can be used for a life time, but
7. So few other companies can produce such a consistent pen
8. Will definitely purchase again when they all disppear as pens often do
9. As far as pens go, these are perfect for having around when you need one, but don't care when you misplace/lose it
10. While these are not the type of pens you would want to write with for a long period of time, they are a great buy
11. These would be great for any environment that consumes a lot of pens

Cluster 9_neg:
1. But to hand out to clients that will not return, it's perfect, that was we don't lose our better pens
2. If you don't use them for several months, you'll find that several pens do not actually write at all and you will need to throw them away
3. What's worse is that once one of these pestilent pens calls it quits, there's nothing you can do with the abomination except throw it away

Cluster 10_pos:
1. And the price is right
2. Cost of items together was $5
3. 94  shipping and handling is $5
4. Purchased in bulk
5. Good quality, and good price
6. good price
7. recommended for the price
8. They are good for the price
9. Good price
10. Good purchase
11. Price was good

Cluster 10_neg:

Cluster 11_pos:
1. I have taken these overseas for storage and use in our bookstore and they always work
2. I have several friends who are servers at my favorite restaurant
3. Why on earth?  Bic, you need to come back home to make these
4. We use them to write orders for food in our restaurant
5. used them during a graduation party for the guests
6. Good writing pen, use in the office daily, would purchase again
7. These pens were ordered for our church
8. I keep them around the house for many different uses
9. Used them for a baby shower
10. Will definitely order again for other events as they disappear quickly

Cluster 11_neg:

Cluster 12_pos:
1. Best little pen I ever had
2. I'm sure every one has used normal bic pens before, they are exactly the same as the one you normally used
3. Indeed, as another reviewer has stated, these pens have been around for almost ever
4. This is a pen we have used for several years
5. ink came first time the pen was used
6. The best pen I have ever bought, still use today, my coworkers steal these all the time
7. Didn't like it at first but had to adjust after using so many 'bad' pens
8. They were the best pens I have ever used

Cluster 12_neg:

Cluster 13_pos:
1. We are sure to reorder this product
2. this is a good seller and I will return
3. If you're like me and constantly misplace pens, this is the product for you
4. Be that as it may, I certainly can recommend these things
5. is a joy when you find simple solution to vexing problem in life
6. This is a very good deal
7. Always looking for the right pen?  This is it
8. Nothing special whe you look at them but very enjoyable
9. Being Bic, I've found these to be incredibly reliable with only two going bad
10. I find it to be a great balance, and on top of that they are cheap!

Cluster 13_neg:

Cluster 14_pos:
1. The design is simple and the cap nicely fits both the ink-side the end-side
2. Some pen caps don't really fit the end, so you end up losing the cap
3. There isn't much to say about these pens, but the cap being able to fit nicely at the end is a plus
4. They're light and come with a cap
5. The caps were extremely hard to pull off
6. The caps go on and off easily with minimal force
7. The clip on the caps however make it hard to attach to the lapel or shirt
8. good  pens don't love how ya have to pull off the cap instead of click it open but they write well

Cluster 14_neg:

Cluster 15_pos:
1. I wasn't looking for the best writing pen so much as I was the best price
2. 00, well you bet I love the price
3. This pen would be great for a teacher/writer/company to buy
4. I thank the seller for the fast service and price
5. I got the package very fast
6. I was really glad that I could receive the package within a short time
7. 50? Thank you so much for this nice offer in amazon
8. If you want a pen (60 of them, even!) that writes good and clean, and is very reliable, buy these!
9. I was very happy to find out the quality of this pen
10. great stuff for kids, for the purchase of school supplies, good quality and excellent service

Cluster 15_neg:

Cluster 16_pos:
1. For these purposes you cannot beat your basic BIC pen
2. BUT I like the pen even more
3. I lose so many pens
4. So far, not a single one that doesn't write on first try
5. I use these for illustration purposes more than writing
6. If the student forgets to return the pen
7. no more to say about this pen
8. Can you imagine that these 36 ball pen is only $3
9. you never know when you need a pen or could lend a pen
10. Now I only want to use this one
11. I like that Stic Ball pen
12. If you pull a pen from the box, it will write, and it will write smoothly

Cluster 16_neg:
1. its annoying when every other pen does not work

Cluster 17_pos:
1. I bought this pens to be used as &#34;expendables&#34; actually, and they really fit thr bill
2. I couldn't believe the low price for this bulk box of ink pens
3. Its a Bic pen, but the price is right!  Ive purchased many times!  I use the pens everyday
4. I will buy all ball pens in amazon in the future
5. I don't like to pay an extreme price for pens but i expect them to work
6. I willm buy more for the sae or simiolar price in the future
7. I decided to buy this 60 pack when I saw that the pens had a new design
8. I bought a pack of blue pens at an office supply place
9. The price of pens was significant reason for my purchase
10. I bought these pens in order reach the limit for my free shipping at Amazon
11. I bought these to get over the $25 threshold for free shipping
12. It was cheaper to buy the pens for $2 than pay $6 shipping on the other item

Cluster 17_neg:

Cluster 18_pos:
1. Works fine most of the time, blobs out ink other times, but hey, GREAT PRICE, and I've lost half of them already, so who cares?
2. These pens are easy to handle, write well, and come in a nice shade of blue
3. these bic pens always work the best and the blue was just cheaper but is more vibrant color so works out well when signing paperwork
4. The pens write well and are a good size (not too big and not too small)
5. Lots of pens that write very smooth
6. They have a plain, cylindrical body, a thoroughly unsophisticated plastic cap, and the whole assembly is the same color as the ink contained within
7. Well, while these pens are very inexpensive they truly do work really well
8. Of course you get a great free flowing, smooth writing pen as always
9. Good Value, 60 smooth writing smudge free ink pens in a lightweight barrel with a removable cap
10. i was needing some basic  ink pens the bic did the trick  they are good ink pens  if you need basic writeing pens theses pen,s will do it
11. BIC round Stic black 36 pens Medium point
12. We all are familiar with the Bic round stic pens, with the white barrel, medium or fine points
13. It says white barrel in the description, but I hoped to get this new color
14. The pen now comes in a clear blue tinted barrel so you can see the ink inside, and it looks more interesting than the traditional white
15. The Cristal pens have a wider point or something, even though these are both labeled as medium points
16. Also had them in black and red, so ordered 2 blues and one black and one red
17. They are black ink pens that I love to use when writing down things
18. These pens are fine if used sooner else it gets harder and a little rough to use
19. Unless you prefer black ink, then keep moving (but I am sure BIC makes a lovely black pen as well)
20. These pens are awesome! They feel great on the hand (male) and the ink isn't too fat nor too thin

Cluster 18_neg:

Cluster 19_pos:
1. They normal everyday pens
2. The pen works fine
3. Anyway, these pens work great
4. These pens are blue
5. These pens are great
6. good pens
7. These are good pens

Cluster 19_neg:
1. Maybe half of these pens worked

Cluster 20_pos:
1. Does not bleed
2. Wrote smoothly, color good, no flaws
3. Forth, they do no leak
4. And finally, they are not unpleasant to write with
5. They do not leak all over the place and smudge
6. Not too fine and not too thick
7. Not as good as the Cristal pens, but decent

Cluster 20_neg:
1. These do not work well, cheaply made

Cluster 21_pos:
1. 60 pens should last a college student such as myself a long time
2. They write well and last a fair while before drying up
3. These write every time, on a variety of surfaces, and last relatively long
4. Product wise, all 44 pens tested working, able to write smoothly
5. These should last my four grandchildren a couple years
6. The grandchildren were very happy to receive them just before school started
7. They last quite a long time
8. Now I have 60 to last me quite a long time
9. long lasting pens,no smudging always perfect the first time and very well constructed
10. This Bic pen writes very well and is long lasting
11. I've gone through about 10 of them so far, and they all write smoothly and perfectly

Cluster 21_neg:

Cluster 22_pos:
1. If you're into blue ball point pens, this is where its at
2. This red pen is SWEET! would highly recommond to someone looking for this, only downside is it could be  bigger~
3. If your looking for cheap then this is what you need to get, If your looking for fancy and attractive this is not it for you
4. Overall a good buy, although for some reason the black was not available which is what most people like, but the blue is fine, too
5. They're basic and blue which is what you expect when you're buying these
6. If you want a basic blue ballpoint, this is it

Cluster 22_neg:
1. The color is almost a pink instead of a nice red

Cluster 23_pos:
1. Bic Pens: from plain (like these) to "fancy", they write, they write, they write -- they are inexpensive, seem to last a looong time, and create GREAT multiple copies because you press em as hard as you want and they write, they write, they write
2. I think we've all used these pens for thousands of years, or so it seems!  This is usually one product on which you can count, to not leak all over the place and still write nicely, and for a long time
3. I always carry at least two or three packs of these pens with me as invariably, sure as the sun rises, there will be at least one or two kids who forgot their pen or pencil (I always keep several packages of pencils too
4. Isn't that what really counts at the end of the day?One minor complaint I have about these pens is that the caps tend to crack if you put them on tightly
5. I like the new design and how comfortable they are to write with, but only annoyance is that the caps are SO hard to pull off initially!!  I had to keep twisting and tugging on the caps of all of the pens I've used to far
6. These pens will serve your check book well (does anyone still use those things? I do, but I'm old school like that), take great notes in school, and scribble a quick note at your desk without fuss
7. I would say that there are maybe 1-2 duds per pack of 60, but it was the cheapest pen I could find online, and much more reliable than freebie promotional pens
8. So, the Bic Round Stick Pen Medium Point is a nice little pen!They&#8217;re not fancy, but I was tired of paying $4 for a 2-pen set from Walgreens/CVS/The Local Grocer and such and decided to go ahead and try these as they came 60 in a box&#8230; And so basically for pennies on the dollar I have enough pens that should last myself and my relatives (as they always seem to borrow my work supplies&#8230;) well throughout the year!They work fine, come with caps and so far have not bled out in my bag like some other cheaper pens of the past
9. So, if you just want something to write with that doesn&#8217;t have to come with the bells and whistles of a personalized gold pen, or say a calligraphy pen set, then I think anyone would be satisfied with this offering from the folks at Bic
10. five stars for the price, i got them very cheap;  with four  kids that use pens often  and loose them even more often the price was awesome; will be buying more later
11. I LOVE LOVE LOVE these! This is my Second Order of these which I have placed! When I find something that works as nice and well as These Do, I am a Very Happy Camper! These are really Good Quality Pens and they last! I have really gotten tired of purchasing pens that run out of ink, with very little use
12. I would recommend these pens to anyone who journals, does a lot of writing, or simply needs a pen that is Reliable and great to use! I would have rated these a TEN if there were more stars! Thanks BIC and AMAZON! These were a Great Deal and well worth purchasing!
13. I love the fact that 10 pens allows several throughout the house so they're always available when you need it - especially by the phones with a pad
14. If you want to have enough of a nice normal no fuss pen that writes smoothly to get through the zombie apocalypse, if you need to get a crowd jotting things down or if you have to keep a stash of pens because you are surrounded by office supplies thieves then this is the affordable pack of lovely blue pens for you

Cluster 23_neg:
1. Thus, the cheaply made pen is purchased at an inflated rate, performs cheaply, and then makes it's most prominent impact on the world--not as a writing device, but as another poisonous piece of plastic, sent to join a landfill or float in an ocean: either way, rotting the earth
2. The Bic Round Stic pen is the cancer that keeps on giving; I wouldn't wish this junk product on my worst enemy, and I encourage anyone interested in giving this shameful company any money for this, or another, disposable piece of garbage to strongly reconsider and fork up the extra dough to purchase something that is made with actual quality

Cluster 24_pos:
1. spent a whole 10 bucks :) and I just threw these bastards arround the house on every drawer on every corner, everywhere
2. 69, making each pen cost about 8 cents, which is a satisfying price
3. 36 pens with 2-day Amazon Prime delivery? Yes please! Seriously though, these are just what you expect: good old Bic ball point pens
4. 17 almost the cost of the items which are Bic pens
5. This box of 60 I bought, arrived and I counted an exact 44 pens in it, not sure where the remaining 16 went to
6. I have used at least 20 of them so far & have yet to come across one that doesn't work well
7. This package, as an 'add-on' item, cost under 10 cents per pen so I ordered two and took them in
8. I tend to lose a lot of pens before they run out of ink, so can't speak to how long they'll last, but I'm sure i'll be buying these again once i lose all 60 again
9. 60 pens in one box for a low price! I haven't used all the pens so far, but what I've used and given away worked without problems
10. So why buy a box of 60 pens, when it takes forever just to use up a single pen?There are lots of reasons, the biggest being the well known fact that once you set a pen down and look away they grow legs and walk off
11. At the time of this review this box of 60 pens is only 54 cents higher in cost than buying a 10 pack on Amazon
12. So for 54 cents you get 50 more pens, that's an obviously fantastic deal
13. Except that they work, even after sitting long periods of time!  I haven't had a single issue with any of these pens
14. 6 (7 if you round) cents a pen
15. The item was entirely wrapped in tape, precluding the possibility of being unintentionally opened, and promptly arrived in less than three days of ordering

Cluster 24_neg:
1. The front label says &#34;Writes first time, every time!&#34; I tried all 10 pens and only 2 would write

Cluster 25_pos:
1. I've tried all the cheaper pens and nothing are as good as these right here
2. We were able to buy it for a much cheaper price
3. Are there better pens out there? Of course, but they cost a heck of a lot more
4. I find the less expensive pens to do an excellent jobs
5. Nice to have a bunch of low cost pens you can depend on!

Cluster 25_neg:
1. Pens don't come much cheaper than this, and it shows in the quality of the product

Cluster 26_pos:
1. We play a lot of group games, which means we need a lot of pens, and that a lot of those pens walk off
2. They go through a lot of pens - customers take them, bussers toss them, they drop them, etc
3. Used to purchase pens from costco and sams club but they wouldn't write on paper when written on top of glass
4. I carry a very large canvas pouch with me stuffed with stuff
5. I have the little twerps! And I don't even have to be mean about it like I do with the endless bathroom and drink requests
6. As an additional advantage, I do not mind writing short notes with them myself, and I am one of those people who are constantly misplacing pens all over the house and at my desk
7. For you pen chewers out there you can chew away, and always have another in the box you can lend out without getting those looks (you know what I'm talking about)
8. I buy a big box of pens and keep some at home, in kitchen, by computer, books, in my bag, a few to give and forget aboutwhen someone asks to "borrow a pen",
9. What a good deal, with prime! Enough pens to keep my volleyball team writing away on their statistics sheets for a couple season, hopefully
10. They taste great with a little garlic butter and tomato sauce over pasta
11. Great price, came quickly - so many pens leftover from my project (handing them out at a booth) that I'll be set for pens for a while :)
12. You can even fling the pen caps! I love these pens but whatever you do, don't put them in the freezer
13. I bought a box of these to keep in our kitchen drawer and they are perfect for everyday use

Cluster 26_neg:
1. I am making sporadic edits to a paper with these pieces of trash and they can't even make it from the top of the page to the bottom
2. There are a lot of places these pens can be shoved, but they only belong in one dark, smelly hole--and it ain't a landfill

Cluster 27_pos:
1. Anyway Amazon was kind enough to refund me the $4
2. I would buy again and recommend to others
3. Won't need to buy any pens for a while
4. Everyone has heard of the "You get what you pay for" saying before
5. would buy again and again
6. I recomend this product
7. Checked Amazon and of course the had them
8. I recommend you buy
9. I'm happy with the purchase

Cluster 27_neg:
1. I was disappointed in my purchase
2. You get what you pay for
3. I would not suggest buying this product

Cluster 28_pos:
1. I paid less than $5
2. Other than that, highly recommend!
3. just a lot more of them!
4. What more can you ask?
5. For less than $0

Cluster 28_neg:

Cluster 29_pos:
1. I'm a teacher of Music Technology and there's always kids who come to class without anything to write with
2. I substitute teach which means I can be in a 3rd grade class one day and in an advanced high school class the next
3. I have also noted that some classes and some students will actually try to take advantage of a substitute teacher and their third favorite request the instant the bell rings is "can I go to my locker
4. This is great school supplies value for Middle School and High School students who need pens but sometimes lose them in their daily shuffle
5. Great many for the price and great for classroom use! My students are always excited to get to use a pen
6. These pens are the best!  They last a long time, too!  I will be using them mostly for school and my business
7. I use them in my classroom (I teach high school) as they are cheaper than most pencils and pens out there

Cluster 29_neg:

​
