Cluster 0_pos:
1. I bought two of these and use them to support my slide-out on my Lance truck camper when extended
2. I ordered it and when I got it, I felt it was cheaply made and would probably work better in a small truck rather than a full size truck like mine
3. It secures loads in the bed of my Toyota truck (with plastic bedliner
4. Worked well in my truck bed with bedliner and camper shell
5. If you are like me, I just through items in the back of my truck and hope they are still there wherever I'm going

Cluster 0_neg:
1. The &#34;feet&#34; on this bar slides off the truck bed sides and makes it worthless

Cluster 1_pos:
1. Much needed tool for anyone that has a truck
2. It is ok for what it's intended to do, which is be a lightweight cargo divider
3. This thing was a steal for $25 and free shipping
4. My husband asked for a similar item as a gift but I wanted to see reviews so I shopped Amazon
5. Really, I couldn't ask for anything more, especially for the low price!  I may buy a second one
6. It's one of those you get what you pay for
7. Just what I was looking for
8. I didn't open the box until I needed them
9. This is great
10. I am happy with my purchase for sure
11. This thing is heavy duty and works excellent
12. I quests your fingers could get caught if you were not paying attention, but you could get hit by a bus for the same reason
13. If you are looking for a heavy duty piece of equipment
14. BUT, if you are looking for something practical, lightweight and simple this may be a good choice
15. I am very pleased with them, and I recommend them highly
16. It works as intended - one thing I didn't think about and am not sure if other bars do this
17. Angling probably would fix that - some bars probably have a cross bar for this - something to think about
18. If you are in a hurry it may slow you down or even give you a pinch (or two)
19. After reading many reviews, I opted for the screw-type bar and am glad I did

Cluster 1_neg:
1. I just received 2 ratcheting cargo bars and I am just as quickly returning them back to Amazon
2. I was buying for my jeep cherokee for when I lower the back seat for storage

Cluster 2_pos:
1. The ratchet mechanism works better than the screw or collet designs
2. The ratcheting system appears solid, is easy to operate, and operates smoothly
3. The ratchet part works great
4. I can see the "risk" of pinching is there but that's never been an issue for me
5. The price is right too
6. The ratchet part is very well made

Cluster 2_neg:

Cluster 3_pos:
1. Easy to use and racheting works good
2. Used to have one of the ones that used threaded rod to unscrew to put the tension on and it took forever to get right and didn't seem to hold as well
3. Easy to snap in and take out
4. I even use it to secure a line of grocery bags on the ride home from the market
5. It is easy to use and stays in place without damage
6. The bar is easy to adjust and with the rubber feet stays firmly in place
7. just need to learn to use it efficiently in the beginning and it works great !  recommend it for the price, does the job but takes just a bit to learn the ropes with the little ratchet release
8. This is  the first ratcheting cargo bar that I have had and I recomend it highly very easy to adjust and the ratchet action makes it very easy to use

Cluster 3_neg:

Cluster 4_pos:
1. When I went to place this cargo bar, I could not get it tight using the ratchet at the end of the handle sweep
2. The rattling comes from the center of the bar where the ratchet is as the bar has some &#34;give and take&#34; where one slides into the other
3. The quality is there,  and the ratchet works very well

Cluster 4_neg:
1. The ratchet mechanism is right in the middle of the bar instead of off center
2. I am just about 6 feet tall and I can't reach the ratchet standing on the side of the truck

Cluster 5_pos:
1. It is of high quality and held my cargo in the bed of my truck from Colorado to Southern California
2. It's worth the money paid and I love it because it hold the item loaded in the rear in my truck bed
3. This cargo bar can hold back anything I put in the bed of my truck with no problem, it is sturdy and easy to use
4. I hold my tool chess in place in the front of our truck bed
5. I bought this for a trip this past summer to keep things from moving in the back of the pickup and worked great
6. I use two of these to surround anything I place in the pickup bed to keep stuff from sliding out of the pickup
7. I bought this and the stabilizer bar to keep my cooler(s) from trashing my truck bed

Cluster 5_neg:
1. I bought this item to keep things from rattling around in the back of my F350

Cluster 6_pos:
1. The only reason for 4 stars was it does seem a little bit cheap in the material it's made out of but for the price it's great and hopefully it doesn't rust
2. I purchase this item several weeks ago and it works as advertised
3. If you have a pick up truck,this item is a must, they are extremely durable, and I like the fact that it really stretches out there
4. You can tell by the feel and weight that it's cheap, but it does what it's suppose to
5. I received it fast, works as advertised
6. I have already pinched my fingers in it several times and have only owned it for about 3 weeks
7. I saw a strap advertised for the same purpose, but couldn't figure how - or to what - it might attach
8. Arrived as promissed and in good condition, performs as advertised and fits my need as was hoped for
9. After the cargo arrived I opened up the unit and lone behold its still right where I left it

Cluster 6_neg:
1. will not get tight enough to hold, I ratchet down as far as i can and it still will not hole very good

Cluster 7_pos:
1. Fits in any location and allows you to store equipment securely
2. Ratchet mechanism took all of 30 seconds to figure out
3. Works fine install took maybe 1 minute, and it stays in place
4. Doesn't get excessively tight in my truck (thus the 4 stars)
5. Good construction, use it as a cargo separator under my tonneau cover
6. This device works well, especially on narrower truck beds
7. The ratcheting lever works exactly the same as those found on cargo straps
8. Used this in my 2005 Tundra for a few months
9. Might break a weld on the inside of your bed
10. This one had one of the best reviews and so far it doing the job
11. A bit of screwing around and you'll master it
12. When not in use, it fits behind my seat in the regular cab (unfortunately always stuffed) without stealing any space
13. I'm not really well off so I'm careful with my money
14. Use the savings for gasoline (this 65 yr
15. Holds things inplace, and very easy to use
16. Seems to be built very well too
17. I would buy this again
18. Bought this to use in the back of my Chevy Silverado
19. The bar feels solid
20. If I had to think of a weakness
21. So petty, I know
22. I can't comment on how it stands up to weather, as my bed is covered
23. One high, one low
24. Highly recommend
25. The item was shipped and received as promised, good packaging
26. It works great on my Ford Ranger pickup
27. I would absolutely purchase again
28. I received the order promptly but the ratcheting device did not function as well as I had expected
29. It has worked well since being put in place
30. very nice
31. Without lubrication it still works flawlessly after a couple months of use
32. I have been using it and it works very well
33. only had the for short time but I do like them
34. I would recommend them to a friend
35. the shipping time was less than expected
36. overall very happy with product and service
37. I've been happy with it in my F350 crew cab
38. No regrets from me on this purchase
39. Nice cargo bar for the price
40. It,however,is a low cost,durable multi use product
41. Highly recommend this product
42. Holds things very securely in the bed of the truck
43. Not heavy duty, but does secure almost anything that you use on a daily basis
44. that was all it took, I liked it so well I ordered two of them
45. His was a few years old, mine had a little better design improvement(racheting handle)
46. So no slipping would occur so long as the ratchet holds
47. I would be on the fence to recommend this product
48. It will work, but not as tight as the turn stile
49. No slipping or loosening has occurred in the 5,000 miles with this product
50. This was more sturdy and fit my needs better
51. I was expecting something more sturdy
52. The only thing I find a little difficult is releasing it from the secured position
53. Easy to install, has worked well so far
54. In my opinion a good value as well
55. good  quality
56. a good value for the cost
57. ,
58. would recommend it to friends  it is  great
59. Very high quality item
60. I have had no problems with it
61. Great product, works real well
62. The shipping speed was terrific and the product was awesome thank you very much!!see you soon!
63. It even held our new washer in place when I brought it home
64. My only possible complaint is the ratcheting mechanism is, well, pinchy
65. My advice is to just be careful or wear gloves while adjusting it
66. It works well on my '07 Tacoma
67. I ordered two
68. One is broken
69. The one works ok
70. It was okay, but cumbersome
71. This is much better
72. This solved the problem immediately, and at reasonable cost
73. This, to quote a phrase, is "more better"!
74. I should've had one these years ago
75. Keeps items from moving around and holds them steady
76. This one works great every time
77. Keeps my load in place
78. It has not failed me yet
79. Performs exactly as expected
80. I may devise a way myself to rid the rattling
81. A little on the flimsy side
82. A bit weak but the price is cheap
83. If your moving anything heavy don't count on this bar
84. If you want to secure your groceries in the family SUV, your all set
85. Never had a problem with it slipping or not unlocking or anything
86. It fits my 6
87. 5' F150 truck bed perfectly
88. When extended to the width of a full-size bed, the bar's strength is greatly reduced
89. Also the finish seems to be good quality
90. I've had several different types of cargo retaining mechanisms, but this one works
91. Once secured in place it stays there
92. I'd buy it again
93. Stuff sliding all over the place and getting difficult to get out
94. Even held steady my load of bags of soil from the depot Glad to have it
95. A good buy for the moned, strong, adjusts easy aand seem of good quality
96. I drive a 2012 Ford F-250 Super Duty
97. keep looking
98. Perfect for keeping stuff from sliding around the bed of a truck during normal driving
99. My Ranger has one of those useless and unattractive narrow beds
100. These cargo bars fit it perfectly - no complaints with the quality or operation after a winter of holding cargo
101. Other than that, it works perfectly
102. Just received it for Christmas
103. Compared to one my dad has in his Tundra, this one feels weak
104. This is a must have for pickup truck owners
105. You can secure this and know for sure that your cargo is not moving
106. Have had no problems at all
107. They work just as described
108. Very useful and dependable
109. Great Product and seller
110. Spreads and retracts easily but has a tendency to slide on plastic bed liner
111. Just crank down on it
112. That leaves me without a tailgate
113. Lets hope this second one lives up to it's potential
114. Great for keeping the ice chest at the back of the truck
115. Keeps it from sliding around and breaking my fishing rods :-)
116. I'm fairly pleased with this cargo bar
117. Also - don't get your fingers pinched in the ratcheting mechanism - I can easily see that happening
118. definitely worth the price
119. Easy to use, stays locked tight
120. My cargo held tight
121. Overall great product and fast shipping
122. Just as I expected it held in place the entire trip and it got abused
123. work great
124. This seems to work fine so far
125. I`ve owned cargo bars in the past but they were threaded and difficult to extend constently
126. What can I say just a perfect design works excellent
127. So please get familiar with it before you need it
128. It is made of good quality material and workmanship
129. So it's sturdy enough to take a beating
130. Fit great into my S10 and secures very well using the ratchet mechanism
131. Its lighter and quicker and easier to install and move
132. So EZ even a cavemen can use it!Ok, he might have a few cuts while trying!!
133. Product is just as described, works just like a ratchet strap

Cluster 7_neg:
1. This looks like a high quality cargo bar, but on the 2nd use, the ratcheting function broke
2. It's useless now
3. The product is cheaply made and would not stay locked in place on the desired adjustment
4. We returned the item and paid more for a better made product he found in a store
5. Waste of time and money! If the mech was closer to one side this would be a great product!
6. Defective ratchet
7. Will not hold in place
8. Perhaps I just got a lemon
9. i tok this item to my SUV, its defict the plastic internal
10. Cargo bar will not tighten tight enough to hold its self up let alone holding cargo
11. Ratchet unit slips when you put a load on it
12. Won't work for what I had in mind for it
13. I might be able to find something it will work with
14. This product is trash
15. The ratcheting mechanism slips when it is torqued enough to stay in place
16. This item was horrible
17. It was unable to stay in the locked position even with no stress being placed on it
18. The locking mechanism simply would not hold
19. The device is not worth it
20. Thank goodness for the Amazon return policy
21. Back in the box and the return process started within 15 min of receiving it
22. Which would in my opinon make this system useless for my needs

Cluster 8_pos:
1. Good Cargo Bar
2. Bob
3. driver's curse)
4. Enjoy
5. Super value
6. After 200 miles of driving, bumpy roads, hills, ext
7. K
8. Would buy again!
9. Open your box ASAP
10. Outstanding price
11. LOL
12. A+++++++++++++
13. Thanks

Cluster 8_neg:
1. Ends were open
2. Keeper 05059 Ratcheting Cargo BarSorry  Will S
3. New Hampshire

Cluster 9_pos:
1. Instructions are too often written by professors of design engineering
2. Cannot believe that there are actually some poor reviews
3. It did slip once while I was adjusting last click
4. Pretty handy, It's not very sturdy
5. The bar rattles some while traveling at higher speeds
6. It fits fine on my 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab
7. Excellent deal!!  Would buy more if needed more

Cluster 9_neg:
1. i geass its good for truck only because its metel internal
2. (No staying-put power)I will try the twist type system next

Cluster 10_pos:
1. Great for my F-150 4x4, holds well off-road in tough terrain
2. Of course once you know how to use it, does not mean others can, makes it difficult to quickly steal compare to others I've seen on friend's trucks
3. I'm curious about how the folks who gave bad reviews are using this product
4. It's great for short trips where you don't want something sliding around too much
5. It may function to restrain small light items but not much more
6. The result was an incessant flopping back and forth - totally unacceptable
7. Don't understand some other reviews stating problem with catching fingers in ratchet
8. The KargoBar does exactly what I wanted

Cluster 10_neg:

Cluster 11_pos:
1. This bar is easy to adjust and the ratcheting feature lets you tighten it down perfectly
2. The only con I have is the rubber pads on the ends are too hard and you just can't that last click to get it tight enough to stay in place
3. This item is a bit flimsy, the ratchet isn't quite as easy to use as expected, tends to slip on the bed wall
4. This also has a secondary use--you can use it to reach to the area closest the back window to drag stuff to the tailgate area saving yourself climbing into the bed
5. It is really easy to adjust and move around

Cluster 11_neg:
1. This bar is pretty flimsy and difficult to release it will not hold anything stable that has any weight to it

Cluster 12_pos:
1. I wish I had bought one of these for my truck years ago!  No more cargo rolling around in the truck's bed!
2. I like these bars they are easy to use and stay in place, with the rubber encased feet the hold wherever you install them, they will extend to full width of bed or retract to between wheel wells
3. I suspect a slippery plastic bed wall would require more pressure to hold firmly and thus not work as well thus the comments of needing a finer ratchet to make that little bit more extension
4. Perfect for my needs -- I was a little concerned by the "pinching" reviews, but I had no problems in that regards
5. I would imagine engineers could insert some plastic or matting inside the sleeve as cushioning to prevent the rattling, but maybe this is asking too much for a cargo bar
6. It's a little bit on the flimsy side, but I does section your truck bed out to help keep your groceries from not rolling around back there

Cluster 12_neg:

Cluster 13_pos:
1. When you hold it up to crank it tight, the bar is awkward to hold because it is off balance
2. I have a bed cover on and it makes it easier to carry stuff from the store without having the stuff slide forward
3. My only suggestion is to modify it to keep it from rattling
4. ) It is easy to use and I had no problem setting it up the first time I needed it
5. Although it does get the eventually done, it is a bit clumsy and hard to learn at first

Cluster 13_neg:
1. When it is tightened it just pops off the gear and will not create enough tension to hold in place
2. it might work in a mini truck to keep shopping bags in place but thats about it
3. I tried to install it in several locations and it would just pop off

Cluster 14_pos:
1. At full extension needed for my bed, there's a little bend in the bar but it still holds firmly on my Rhino lined bed walls
2. I've used this several times over three months on a 2013 Chevy Avalanche and it works extremely well
3. Had this a long time now, catching up on Amazon reviewing, no loosening up of ratchet over time, does just what you would want it to
4. Even though I havent used this on my truckbed ive used it for military cargo going halfway around the world

Cluster 14_neg:

Cluster 15_pos:
1. You have to make sure you don't ratchet this thing down too hard, if you do, you will regret that last click
2. I highly recommend this Cargo Keeper Bar
3. Careful of those fingers as they can get smashed!
4. It expands to 70 inches where as other products costing twice as much do not have this range and capacity
5. Great item , best one I have ever used
6. I just love shopping at Amazon,because they have so many great merchants
7. Its as simple if not easier than a cargo strap being no straps

Cluster 15_neg:
1. I prefer those used on semi's as they can handle more weight

Cluster 16_pos:
1. Update 05/22/13: OK been using for a while now, and find it is suffice to hold a good size tool box on wheels in place at the front of the box
2. This seems well built but my only complaint is that It doesn't seem to have the exact right adjustment for a tight fit in the bed of my pickup (almost like the size is between two clicks)
3. The ratchet on the tightening mechanism is too coarse (needs to be finer) and consequently, in order to tighten it beyond initial contact you stand the chance of bending the sheet metal in the side walls
4. Seems like it will do the job, but when I extended it in my F150, it felt real flimsy at the ratchet point
5. Sideways movement - yes it held my cargo up against the wall of the truck bed but, the box slid from side to side - I didn't think to angle it or anything

Cluster 16_neg:
1. When the ratchet is extended, the mechanism for that ends up out of arms reach when standing outside the truck
2. Guess where it ends up when you try to use it? In the middle of the bed

Cluster 17_pos:
1. if I was the designer of this tool, I would have tried to figure out a way to put the ratchet in the middle of the bar
2. easy to adjust and puts enough tension on the sides of the bed to keep your stuff back at the tailgate where you can get to it
3. it is still in place and working
4. It is to late to get a replacement
5. I have a screw type one and it is a pain
6. Easy to place in the truck and easy to remove

Cluster 17_neg:
1. So, every time I want to use this I need to get in the back of the truck
2. You lock it in place and hit a bump with the truck and it slips back two or three teeth and drops to the bottom of the truck bed
3. I have a full size truck and when the bar is extended to fit the truck bed it is flimzy and weak the ratchet is also a weak point
4. I received the cargo bar and installed on my truck

Cluster 18_pos:
1. It's easy to set up, easy to remove and adds a great measure of safety to moving gas cans as they can't flop around in the bed
2. It's a bit tricky to get used too
3. for sure!  I used to have one of these bars that had to be twisted to make do
4. I'll have to give it a good try to see if it's sturdy enough to hold a load without sliding around, but I'm not sure
5. I had to return one already because it broke
6. I haven't had any problems with it, but it's a little difficult to get it to release some times
7. It took me a few tries to get it to open correctly
8. After using it for a month or so I lost it (don't ask) and came back to buy another one

Cluster 18_neg:
1. Missing a screw at one end now I have to go to store and find one to fit! Packing should have been better

Cluster 19_pos:
1. Just a wee bit tricky to learn to operate at first, blame instructions on one word, instead of saying "rotate" should say "pull over" for the lever, engage last black notch (so easy to miss), then adjust length to short or long quickly
2. Sometimes you can get more for less; so, if you want a for-real genuine bargin, don't waste money on more expensive ones that do exactly the same thing and just aren't any better, get this baby

Cluster 19_neg:
1. Didn't look, but probably made in China or some other third world country to specs designed by someone with a GED

Cluster 20_pos:
1. The cargo bar is great
2. I thought this cargo bar would be easier to place in a lot let time
3. It fit my pick-up very well and I would recommend this product
4. I would recommend
5. I do not recommend this cargo bar
6. It provides a sturdy anchor for my cargo bed contents and will hold a mower right where you want it
7. I would highly recommend this to anybody

Cluster 20_neg:
1. I would recommend trying a different cargo bar
2. I would recommend you keep looking for a sturdier cargo bar

Cluster 21_pos:
1. This neat little device  works great to secure load while in the back of PU trucks
2. Stays in place very well
3. It was very easy to install (old lady here) and it works very nicely
4. This product works very well and stores behind the seat of my Chevy Colorado pickup
5. Has held 125# generator in place from Texas to DC and back
6. This cargo bar is well made and capable of holding almost any size/weight load in place

Cluster 21_neg:
1. Could only achieve tension to hold bar in place in certain spots

Cluster 22_pos:
1. It is no more hazardous to fingers than any of the many tools that have pinching hazards
2. The ratchet increments are wide enough that you may need to test where along the the bed wall the bar can be most effectively tightened
3. Quality of manufacture is excellent, it's very strong and the mechanism operates smoothly
4. You will be impressed at the bracing strenght of one of these Keeper Cargo bars
5. as would any extender be on any pickup but extenders don't give the ability to draw whatever you're hauling tight to the tailgate
6. This bar fits my Dodge Ram 1500 fine and seems to have plenty of strength
7. For whatever reason, MOPAR did not provide a latch of any sort to hold the back seat up, out of the way, when folded
8. The ratcheting mechanism is very rough and requires some sort of ritual sacrifice in order to make it work properly

Cluster 22_neg:
1. My husband ordered this to keep his ice chest from sliding in the back of his work truck (full-size Chevrolet)
2. The ratcheting mechanism does not stay securely even when the ratchet is locked
3. You would be better off avoiding the purchase of this piece of junk

Cluster 23_pos:
1. Tightened down a bit and it was secure
2. I bought a more expensive one and returned it
3. I used to use a bed extender on a Honda Ridgeline and it was O
4. I wanted a strong ratchet type bar and this is exactly it
5. This is only a minor issue and it still is a great product
6. Someone recommended a cargo bar and I bought this one
7. However, it is a bit heavy and the ratchet engage/release could be easier to operate

Cluster 23_neg:
1. When I went to tighten then ratchet down to lock, the bar would buckle a bit and jump a detent on the ratchet bar

Cluster 24_pos:
1. I don't know how good this product will be on holding back heavy items, but it works well on garden flowers they all stead in place with this bar
2. I would absolutely recommend this product for anyone who wants to keep things in one spot in their bed or for anyone who doesn't have a tailgate
3. I bought this cargo bar in a hurry to keep our coolers and gas cans in place during our 800 mile death valley off road adventure

Cluster 24_neg:

Cluster 25_pos:
1. Thanks Amazon! It was actually cheaper to purchase through USA & US Post & taxes than to buy the same one from a store in Canada
2. This was an early Fathers Day gift for my husband, and he couldn't be happier! Easy to use, love the ratchet instead of a twist and lock,held the load in the truck without shifting when we went camping (literally 40 miles of bad road), good pads on ends so truck bed is protected
3. So far, no "pinches", either; perhaps I was forewarned by the misadventures of others, but I'm nevertheless cautious!  It grips tightly, and doesn't slip; it packs up to a small, manageable size; what's not to like?  BTW, I'm using this to hold up the folded rear seat of our '13 2-Dr Jeep Wrangler

Cluster 25_neg:
1. The product was literally "Made in Taiwan", need I say more?  It is flimsy when extended to fit a regular size truck bed (F-150 crew)

Cluster 26_pos:
1. This expandable bar is intended to secure cargo in a pick-up truck bed
2. If you want a quality, heavy duty cargo bar at a good price, this is it
3. Just made the move to a pick up truck from a more car like vehicle and was having a bit of trouble getting the groceries home

Cluster 26_neg:
1. I would not trust this cargo bar for any cargo in my truck bed
2. I was looking for a sturdy, quality made cargo restraint bar and this is not it
3. the bar would never hold back any type of weight in a full size truck

Cluster 27_pos:
1. I have a 2007 Tacoma that I broke the tailgate on, so as a temporary repair I got a tailgate net and one of these bars to help prevent bed flex and also for when there was stuff in the bed
2. I have a Ford F150
3. I had a need for one of these one day and my brother-in-law said I could use his
4. Ok, I was using a twist version of cargo bar that I did not like because it was a little cumbersome to put in
5. After placing in position I found it was not as sturdy as the rotating bar I was using, but went ahead and left the Ratcheting bar in place
6. I must note that I have a bed rug, and topper
7. With just a bit of experimenting, I got the hang of it - installing and uninstalling - quickly
8. I have been using this for almost a year now and it works great
9. now I need a topper!
10. Been a great cargo bar, I use it for holding plastic bins in place in the bed of my truck and so far it has worked great and has never budged unless I have removed it intentionally
11. I often travel with a slide in camper on my pickup and when at a campground, take the camper off
12. Lots of bumps and jumps and still works like a champ

Cluster 27_neg:
1. I was disappointed in the bar diameter and overall durability

Cluster 28_pos:
1. I needed something more heavy duty so I returned it and ordered the Heininger 4016 HitchMate Cargo Stabilizer Bar for Full-Size Trucks

Cluster 28_neg:
1. I bought this, and it will not stay where I put it, and Im only out about a foot, keeps "popping" out! Thank God for Amazon return policy!
2. This is the most worthless item I believe I have ever purchased from Amazon, or anywhere else in many years

Cluster 29_pos:
1. I found I had to rotate the handle about straight out, then give it one or two more clicks
2. I would recommend this product, it does what it says, bounced to 4 star
3. But with this Ratchet Cargo Bar, I can still through things, but I can now through them in the right place
4. I wouldn't really use it to support anything heavy but to keep stuff from rolling around, it's great!

Cluster 29_neg:
1. I would have returned it, but it took me a month  before trying it out
